8. The Commission has counted actions for SMEs up to an amount of some EUR 100 million. The rapporteur refers to his initial analysis in the global working document on the PDB where it is noted that financing for Parliament's SME actions are actually reduced compared to 2005. The Council has maintained the Commision's restrictive approach. As an illustration of this situation, see annex one the state of play for a few of the SME lines. The rapporteur would like to reinforce the actions to facilitate for SMEs. 9. In the rapporteur's opinion, and in line with the Parliament's Lisbon Group-and the Kok report- it is not possible to continue with only the same actions as before and still "talk" about the need to revitalise the Lisbon strategy. So much has been said about fresh ideas for Lisbon that it seems that, in addition to a general budget priority, this could be a very interesting area for some innovative actions, i.e pilot projects/preparatory actions. In this respect, the rapporteur would highlight as important actions that could facilitate competitiveness for SMEs as well as projects aiming at developing Europe's competitiveness in general. Also, in line with Parliament's APS resolution, and in line with the conclusions of the European Council, actions to involve and prepare young people should be a priority. 10. In the rapporteur's view, as partly also recognised by the Commission, some other actions should also be considered as part of the Lisbon strategy. This could for example include elements of environment protection as this also goes to the heart of the question of sustainability. It must, however, be pointed out that this area is under co-decision and the framework amounts are already foreseen in the legislation and taken into account in the PDB and DB. 11. Overall, the Commission considered as part of the Lisbon Strategy actions amounting to more or less EUR 8 billion under heading 3. This corresponds to the majority of actions as the total for this heading is about 9 billion. The Council confirms the Commission's restrictive approach in commitments with a further modest cut of - 43 million. The situation for payments casts a serious doubt as to the Council's willingness to do anything to speed up implementation of the Lisbon Strategy. The cut in payments is - 516 million. out of which - 280 million in research. 12. In agriculture, heading 1, some