cooperation agreements with, developing countries, (c) promotion of democratic values, good governance and human rights in developing countries; 2. matters relating to the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement and relations with the relevant bodies; 3. Parliament's involvement in election observation missions, when appropriate in cooperation with other relevant committees and delegations. The committee coordinates the work of the interparliamentary delegations and ad hoc delegations falling within its remit. III. Committee on International Trade Committee responsible for: matters relating to the establishment and implementation of the Union's common commercial policy and its external economic relations, in particular: 1. financial, economic and trade relations with third countries and regional organisations; 2. measures of technical harmonisation or standardisation in fields covered by instruments of international law; 3. relations with the relevant international organisations and with organisations promoting regional economic and commercial integration outside the Union; 4. relations with the WTO, including its parliamentary dimension. The committee liaises with the relevant interparliamentary and ad hoc delegations for the economic and trade aspects of relations with third countries. IV. Committee on Budgets Committee responsible for: 1. the multiannual financial framework of the Union's revenue and expenditure and the Union's system of own resources; 2. Parliament's budgetary prerogatives, namely the budget of the Union as well as the negotiation and implementation of interinstitutional agreements in this field; 3. Parliament's estimates according to the procedure defined in the Rules; 4. the budget of the decentralised bodies; 5. the financial activities of the European Investment Bank; 6. the budgetisation of the European Development Fund, without prejudice to the powers of the committee responsible for the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement; 7. financial implications and compatibility with the multiannual Financial Framework of all Union acts, without prejudice to the powers of the relevant committees; 8. keeping track of and assessing the implementation of the current budget notwithstanding Rule 78(1), transfers of appropriations, procedures relating to the establishment plans, administrative appropriations and opinions concerning buildings-related projects with significant financial implications; 9. the Financial Regulation, excluding matters relating to the implementation, management and control of the budget. V. Committee on Budgetary Control Committee responsible for: 1. the control of the implementation of the budget of the Union and of the European Development Fund, and the decisions on discharge to be taken by Parliament, including the internal discharge procedure and all other measures accompanying or implementing such decisions; 2. the closure, presenting and auditing of the