in accessing both health care (owing to shortages of health care staff and facilities as well as a lack of public health care systems) and treatment, 1. Underlines the fact that only a vaccination programme involving a large-scale vaccination campaign could have a positive impact in terms of achieving MDG 6 after 2015, and in particular the eradication of tuberculosis by 2050; 2. Considers vaccines to be an essential means of combating tuberculosis, together with better – reliable, low-cost and soundly based – testing, as well as more effective diagnosis and treatment, and that this implies a major shift in the focus of research and an increase in sustainable funding; 3. Calls on the Commission to explore innovative funding channels, such as the establishment by the Member States and/or the Union of a financial guarantee to enable funding for the TBVI to be obtained from the European Investment Bank, with a view to securing finance for research in developing countries into neglected diseases and those involving little profit potential; 4. Points out that killer diseases such as tuberculosis ought to be the focus of a much greater pharmaceutical research effort; 5. Stresses that an integrated approach, covering the various programmes targeted at specific diseases such as AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis together with a consolidation of basic health care systems, would enable the needs of people in developing countries to be addressed; 6. Calls on the Commission and the Member States to stand by their funding commitments and do everything necessary to ensure that funds allocated to health care also reach the most impoverished people in developing countries; stresses the urgent need for public health services in the most remote areas; 7. Takes the view that tuberculosis vaccination ought to be carried out as a priority in dispensaries and clinics in developing countries and calls, accordingly, for public health care services to be restored; takes the view that EU assistance should, first and foremost, support developing countries' internal efforts to build human, institutional and infrastructure capacity; 8. Stresses that access to drinking water and a balanced diet is a precondition for a healthy population; draws attention, therefore, to the fact that health is a holistic concept and that better living conditions help to increase life expectancy and to combat poverty and tuberculosis; 9. Calls on the EU and developing countries to promote free access to health care; 10. Instructs its President