Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and with the President of the Eurogroup. Rule 117 Questions for written answer 1. Any Member may put questions for written answer to the President of the European Council, the Council, the Commission or the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy in accordance with guidelines laid down in an annex to these Rules of Procedure See Annex III. . The content of questions shall be the sole responsibility of their authors. 2. Questions shall be submitted in writing to the President who shall forward them to the addressees. Doubts concerning the admissibility of a question shall be settled by the President. The questioner shall be notified of his decision. 3. If a question cannot be answered within the time limit set it shall, at the request of the author, be placed on the agenda for the next meeting of the committee responsible. Rule 116 shall apply mutatis mu t andis . 4. Questions which require an immediate answer but not detailed research (priority questions) shall be answered within three weeks of being forwarded to the addressees. Each Member may table one priority question each month. Other questions (non-priority questions) shall be answered within six weeks of being forwarded to the addressees. Members shall indicate which type of question they are submitting. The final decision shall be taken by the President. 5. Questions and answers shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union . Rule 118 Questions for written answer to the European Central Bank 1. Any Member may put questions for written answer to the European Central Bank in accordance with guidelines laid down in an annex to these Rules of Procedure See Annex III. . 2. Such questions shall be submitted in writing to the Chair of the committee responsible, who shall forward them to the European Central Bank. 3. The questions and answers shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union . 4. If a question has not received a reply by the required deadline, it shall be included at the request of its author, on the agenda for the next meeting of the committee responsible with the President of the European Central Bank. CHAPTER 4 REPORTS OF OTHER INSTITUTIONS Rule 119 Annual and other reports of other institutions 1. Annual and other reports of other institutions