the Directive on Package Travel, package holidays and package tours (90/314/EC) and the Commission's own wording in Paragraph 20 of this Regulation's explanatory memorandum. Amendment 3 Article 2 (h b) (new) (hb) 'Volunteer' means a person who has: - a valid ticket in paper or electronic format; - a confirmed reservation, and - Presented himself for check-in within the required time limit (as stipulated in Article 3 (1) (a)) and who responds positively to the air carrier's call for passengers being prepared to surrender their confirmed reservation in exchange for compensation pursuant to this Regulation. Justification The definition of 'Volunteer' is within the existing Regulation on denied boarding and provides a useful clarification to the text. Amendment 4 Article 3 (1) 1. This Regulation applies to passengers departing from an airport located in the territory of a Member State to which the Treaty applies, and to passengers having a contract with a Community carrier or with a tour operator for a package offered for sale in the territory of the Community departing from an airport located in a third country to one situated in the territory of a Member State to which the Treaty applies, unless they benefit from compensation and assistance in that third country, when they: 1. This Regulation applies to passengers departing from an airport located in the territory of a Member State to which the Treaty applies, and to passengers having a contract with a Community carrier or with a tour operator for a package offered for sale in the territory of the Community departing from an airport located in a third country to one situated in the territory of a Member State to which the Treaty applies, unless they benefit from compensation and assistance in that third country, recognised by the Community to be at least equivalent thereto, when they: Justification Self-explanatory. Amendment 5 Article 3 (2) 2. This Regulation does not apply to passengers travelling free of charge or at a reduced fare not available directly or indirectly to the public. However, passengers having tickets issued under a Frequent Flyer Programme or other commercial programme by an air carrier or tour operator are covered by this Regulation. 2. This Regulation does apply to passengers with tickets issued under a Frequent Flyer Programme or other commercial programme by an air carrier or tour operator. This Regulation does not apply to passengers travelling free of charge