Road Safety Agency to be given a clear legal basis for its work. The application of good practice in the enforcement of traffic legislation should therefore also be a special priority, particularly as regards speed limits, drink-driving and the use of seat belts. Currently we have European legislation which states, for example, that seat belts, when fitted, must be used by all occupants of all vehicles. The Commission and the Member States should make a vigorous effort to ensure increased compliance. In buses, for example, there is still much to be done. It is important to create a habit among users of bus services, for example, of automatically fastening the seat belt just as they do in their own cars. A common minimum blood alcohol level of 0.5%o is important in order to deal with drink-driving. To achieve sustainable results from these measures, an ongoing commitment will be required from all authorities affected, as will significant investments of both human and financial resources. The EU’s policy in this area should therefore contribute to facilitating both the use of good practice in the enforcement of legislation and the increased use of technology in vehicles to reduce the cost burdens arising from stricter enforcement of policies. Among these technologies, alcohol interlocks, intelligent seat belt reminders and intelligent speed limitation systems are particularly important. Efforts at EU level should promote the rapid introduction of this kind of technology in as many vehicles as possible. These efforts should include a framework to enable Member States to apply tax incentives or to introduce technical specifications for the purchasers of vehicle fleets. If public authorities use these specifications, this will help create a large market for such technology, which will in turn encourage producers to enter this potentially profitable field. 4. All decision-makers should be made to accept their responsibilities Common responsibility for road safety implies that many different authorities at different levels bear responsibility for the current high levels of risk on our roads. All these different authorities, from EU authorities to those at national and local level, should accept their responsibilities, but in order for them to do this, leadership is needed. One key element of the Community’s action is to show strong leadership so as to give all those responsible for road safety the opportunity to take action. Political leadership is called for particularly in areas where the responsibilities of differing authorities overlap,