Answer given by Mr Piebalgs on behalf of the Commission (21 October 2011) The Commission is aware of the documentary in question, which did not refer to the direct use of development aid for political purposes, but rather made general allegations that donors support Government programmes which are (sometimes) selectively withheld from communities that voted for the opposition in the last elections. EU programmes in Ethiopia, as elsewhere, have accountability systems in place that provide checks on distortion, including, as far as possible, distortion for political gain, such as regular financial audits, independent evaluations, independently commissioned surveys and field visits to make sure aid reaches those who need it. Accountability systems can always be further improved and the Commission engages with other development partners and government to do so. The Commission conducts independent investigations when it receives specific allegations of misuse of EU development assistance, which is not the case here. Democracy and human rights, civil and political, are essential elements of the EU‑Ethiopia partnership that both Ethiopia and the EU have subscribed to. The EU makes full use of its dialogue with the government to address concerns. The EU supports good governance in Ethiopia with an allocation of EUR 49 million for the period 2008–2013, including through support for the Civil Society Fund which benefits Ethiopian civil society organisations working on advocacy and governance-related activities. More generally, EU aid to Ethiopia has yielded very good results. With EU aid, Ethiopia, one of the poorest countries in the world, is on track to meet most of the Millennium Development Goals by 2015, particularly with regard to extreme poverty and hunger and universal primary education. Good progress is also being made regarding reducing child mortality and environmental sustainability. The current drought in the Horn of Africa only underlines the continued need for EU assistance to Ethiopia.