International Criminal Court Statement by Philippe KIRSCH, President of the ICC Statement by Philippe KIRSCH, President of the International Criminal Court (ICC) Debate: 23.11.2004 Mr Philippe KIRSCH , in his speech to the JPA, recalled that the ICC had been created by the Rome Statute. 120 states had voted in favour of setting up the Court, although 139 states had agreed to be signatories to the new International Criminal Court based in The Hague. Mr Kirsch stressed that the ICC was set up to work using " a system of consensus ". He stated that the jurisdiction of the Court could not predate the ratification in July 2002 and any new states joining the Court could not apply jurisdiction before this date. The Court, he said, would deal with the most serious crimes namely; genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes. He stressed that jurisdiction of the Court was over individuals and not states. He also stated that the Court was " a Court of last resort " meaning that each national court would be required to deal with such crimes first. This concept was known as " complementarity ". As a result, he said, there had been a reinforcement in domestic legislation with regard to such crimes. He stressed the Court's independence and its judicial nature. Mr Kirsch recalled that the Court had received two referrals from Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo respectively. The Court Prosecutor had instigated an investigation and pre-trial chambers had been established. The Court, he said, was characterised by a system based on " cooperation and not external enforcement ." He hoped to see the universal ratification of the Court's Statute and stated that there had been a rapid ratification process with some 97 countries already ratifying the Statute. Finally, he stated that recently he had signed with Kofi ANNAN , Secretary-General of the UN, an agreement on cooperation between the ICC and the UN. During the debate that followed, delegates raised a number of sensitive questions including the pressure exercised by the United States on certain states, especially ACP countries, in order that they do not ratify the Rome Statute. The US also put pressure on ACP states in order to ensure immunity for American citizens. This was the issue raised by Louis STRAKER , Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, Commerce and Trade (St Vincent and the Grenadines) and