stop driving each two hours in any journey; 28. Is of the view that out of the huge selection of technologies the following solutions should receive particular attention: seat belt reminders and advanced restraint systems, Electronic Stability Control (ESC), speed limitation systems, alcohol interlocks, predictive safety systems (emergency brake assistant, adaptive cruise control, lane departure warning system, ultrasound blind-spot monitor, shock absorber control system) and eCall; 29. Calls on the Member States to sign the joint statement of intent concerning the eCall system by June 2007; 30. Considers that ITS (Intelligent Transport Systems) should be adapted for older drivers; 31. Calls on the Commission and the Member States to encourage EuroNCAP to introduce tests for whiplash protection and for active technical systems such as ESP/ESCemergency braking, driver support (e.g. alcohol interlocks), adaptive cruise control and lane departure warning; 32. Calls on the Commission to explicitly include the safety of motorcyclists in infrastructure guidelines, especially regarding motorcycle friendly crash barriers on European roads; 33. Considers that one important measure the Commission should examine is the creation of a common minimum standard for driving instructors with test and certification; 34. Calls on the Member States to draw up an action plan for training and education in road safety, to be applied throughout the school curriculum (from age 3 to 18) and in all schools in the Union; also advocates the drawing-up of standards for the training and security measures that are needed if there is to be guided practice for intending drivers from age 16; 35. Calls on the Commission and the Member States to introduce uniform rules valid throughout the EU governing compulsory, regular technical safety checks of all motor vehicles; 36. Invites the Commission and the Member States to propose measures based on an evaluation of the awareness of the single European emergency call number 112 and implementation of E112 by all Member States in order to improve the situation in the European Union; 37. Stresses that the eCall system has the potential to reduce the accident response time by about 40% in urban areas and about 50% in rural areas and calls on all the Member States to promote its implementation as soon as possible; 38. Calls on the Commission to work towards a European system for the investigation of road accidents, so as to facilitate comparisons and make it possible to work more effectively to prevent them occurring;