WRITTEN QUESTION E-0088/07 by Kathy Sinnott (IND/DEM) to the Commission (19 January 2007) Subject: Indiscriminate camping in the North Dingle Peninsula Over the past few years, the number of people camping along the foreshore and dune systems in the North Dingle Peninsula in Co. Kerry has increased dramatically. This situation is causing a number of problems and is of grave concern for my constituents who live in this area and other holidaymakers visiting the location. A delegation from the area in question has met with Kerry County Council on several occasions during the past two years in order to resolve the problem. In 2005, by-laws were passed, forbidding camping along the foreshore and beaches, and notices to that effect were erected in the worst affected areas. However, these are either totally ignored or pulled up and discarded or used as fuel for bonfires. When the campers depart, litter and rubbish remain, which is hazardous for both humans and animals walking the dunes. The campers have no toilet or ablution facilities, which results in defecation and a severe health problem. The caravan parks are required to provide facilities of a very high standard, which they do, but there is very little room for campers. The result of this is that unsupervised camping is now occurring. At present, there is no warden to patrol the coastline, but in Castlegregory, locals are noting vehicle registration numbers and forwarding them to the County Council with some success regarding national vehicles, but new offenders, especially from outside of Ireland, arrive in greater numbers each year, and so the problem worsens. On 15 November 2006, a meeting was held with the Councillors and Engineers, who promised to have a warden appointed for next summer. As the situation stands people, in particular from the local area, will no longer be able to enjoy or avail themselves of the beaches, especially during the June and August bank holiday weekends. It is clear that a well-organised camp site where visitors can be properly catered for during their visit is required. Can the Commission guarantee that it will speak to the Irish authorities involved and request them to provide facilities, in the form of a well-organised camp site, for people who wish to camp in the North Dingle Peninsula? Will the Commission ensure that the situation will be resolved? Can the Commission advise on what EU legislation comes into play