organised crime and corruption. According to the European Commission, the monitoring exercise could take place over the summer, so that the Parliament and Council can take a final decision by the end of 2010. The resolution was approved in the Foreign Affairs Committee with 59 votes in favour and one vote against. Kosovo's status MEPs "would welcome the recognition by all Member States of the independence of Kosovo". Taking note of Kosovo's declaration of independence of 18 February 2008, which has been recognised by 66 countries, the resolution states that "22 EU Member States have recognised Kosovo as an independent country and 5 have not". To make EU policies more effective for everyone in Kosovo, EU Member States should "step up their common approach towards Kosovo", says a resolution drafted by Ulrike Lunacek (Greens/EFA, AT) and approved with 45 votes in favour, 14 against and 2 abstentions. Whilst acknowledging that officially recognising Kosovo is not currently a feasible political option for the Belgrade government, MEPs nonetheless call on Serbia to be pragmatic on the status issue and to refrain from blocking Kosovo's membership of international organisations. The forthcoming advisory opinion by the International Court of Justice on the legality of Kosovo's declaration of independence should not hinder all parties involved from clearly committing themselves to effective cross-border, regional and local co-operation in the best interest of the whole population in and around Kosovo, they add. EU-Visa liberalisation prospects MEPs call for practical steps to make the benefits of co-operating with the EU more tangible to Kosovo's citizens, suggesting that Kosovo should also benefit from the prospect of eventual visa liberalisation, once all conditions are met. To this end, the Commission should communicate without delay to the Kosovo authorities the steps that need to be taken before preparing the visa liberalisation road map, they add. Need for reform, especially to combat corruption 2010 is a crucial year both for the Kosovo government and for all levels of the administration to make progress on key reforms such as the fight against corruption and organized crime, decentralisation and public administration reform, stress MEPs, who are "extremely concerned by the widespread corruption, which remains one of the biggest problems in Kosovo together with organised crime". Northern Kosovo Another cause for concern is northern Kosovo, which suffers from severe shortcomings in the rule of law, increased pressure and intimidation of civil society by radical groups