WRITTEN QUESTION E-5418/07 by Erik Meijer (GUE/NGL) to the Commission (6 November 2007) Subject: Response to a hypothetical application by Iceland to be permitted, like Montenegro and Kosovo, to make the euro legal tender despite its not being an EU Member State 1. Is the Commission aware that the Government of Iceland has tried to bring the domestic economy under control by means of high interest rates, but that this has unintentionally attracted much money borrowed on the cheap Japanese capital market, with the result that inflation has risen above 8 %, after which, in order to combat this inflation, the official interest rate was raised further to 13 %, while at the same time the foreign debt is growing? 2. Is the Commission aware that this interest rate rise and inflation in Iceland have fuelled a debate about the desirability of abolishing this little country's own currency, which has become vulnerable, and replacing it with the euro, in advance of a possible later accession to the EU by Iceland? 3. Can the Commission confirm the expectation that the response of the European Central Bank to such a request by Iceland will be negative, the argument being that domestic use of the euro is intended only for EU Member States and then only on condition that they comply with the relevant criteria relating to indebtedness and budget deficits? 4. Does the Commission anticipate that it will become more common for non-member states of the EU to make the euro legal tender, while on the other hand some EU Member States will retain their own old currencies? 5. How compatible is a possible refusal as referred to at 3 with the fact that, as soon as the euro was introduced, on 1 January 2002, it replaced the German mark as legal tender in the then Yugoslav federal republic of Montenegro, which became independent in 2005, and also in the autonomous Serbian province of Kosovo, which has been under UN administration since 1999 and which after 10 December 2007 will probably likewise be internationally recognised as an independent State? 6. Is it possible to refuse a country with a small population, such as Iceland, something which is already permitted to two countries each of which individually has a larger population than Iceland? 7. What action will be taken against Iceland if it first purchases a sufficient quantity of euros and then starts