the international community to finalise peace processes. He gave the example of the situation in Uganda and in the DRC. The Ugandan government, which had complained to the ICC, Mr van Hecke said, felt under pressure from NGOs and the EU to withdraw the complaint in order to finalise the peace process. In responding to Nirj DEVA (EPP-ED, UK) on the actions before the Court, Mr Kirsch stated that those who feared that the Court's jurisdiction was too wide should not be concerned. He underlined that only a state could start a legal process. The Court's prosecutor also could start a case but only under very strict conditions. This system, he said, stopped investigations from being launched without justification, The ICC, Mr Kirsch said, could not provide technical assistance to states in order to assist with national legislation coming into conformity with the Statute. However, on the Court's Internet site, legislation already adopted by certain states was available. Responding to doubts raised by Martin CALLANAN (EPP-ED, UK) on the possible use of the Court for political ends, Mr Kirsch stated that it was necessary to distinguish between those who have recourse to the ICC and the actual political reactions. Mr Callanan raised the attitude of certain " left wing organisations " which had attempted to attack the US and the UK for their actions in Iraq. Mr Kirsch stated that the ICC was not a political body. He stated it is clearly a judicial body with very strict rules of procedure. Errol HUMPHREY , Ambassador to Belgium (Barbados) stated that some countries ignored the ICC, others could also follow this example and this would compromise the ICC's chances of success. Mr Kirsch stated that this was not true and the Court would do all it could to ensure public backing. The work of the ICC would only be effective if states and individuals were convinced of its importance and impartiality. Opposition, he said, was largely due to ignorance. Mr Kirsch called on parliamentarians to disseminate information on the Court. Annexes List of ACP Countries – Africa, Caribbean, Pacific South Africa Madagascar Angola Malawi Antigua and Barbuda Mali Bahamas (The) Marshall Islands Barbados Mauritania Belize Mauritius Benin Micronesia Federal States of Botswana Mozambique Burkina Faso Namibia Burundi Nauru Cameroun Niger Cape Verde Nigeria Central African Republic Niue Chad Palau Comores Papua New Guinea Congo (Brazzaville) Rwanda Congo (Kinshasa) Saint Kitts and