Answer given by Mrs Fischer Boel on behalf of the Commission (21 September 2009) The Commission has taken a number of steps to deal with current income difficulties for dairy producers. The Commission's analysis is that the difficulties are overwhelmingly related to demand problems and a range of measures have been implemented to improve that situation. Export refunds were reactivated for all dairy commodities to the usual destinations on 23 January 2009. This has facilitated the maintenance of exports at about the same level as the previous year, despite the weak market demand. The Commission will continue to provide export refunds on an objective basis for as long as needed bearing in mind ongoing international negotiations. Intervention buying started on 1 March 2009 for butter and Skimmed Milk Powder (SMP) and the Commission decided to continue purchasing product when the quantities which it is required to purchase at fixed prices were reached. Furthermore, while August 2009 is the final month for intervention purchasing in the dairy sector according to the Single Common Market Organisation Regulation, the Council recently welcomed the Commission's proposal to continue butter and SMP intervention buying beyond August on a temporary basis for 2009/2010 and potentially 2010/2011. Intervention stocks will remain in store until the market is able to absorb them without disturbance. In addition, private storage aid has been provided for butter since the beginning of January 2009, two months earlier than usual and it has been decided to extend its operation beyond its usual finishing time of 15 August 2009. Also with regard to boosting consumption, the school milk scheme has been recently adapted, making it simpler, extending it to secondary school and increasing the product coverage. In addition, the Commission proposed an additional round of dairy product promotion programmes on the internal market. In dealing with the income difficulties of producers, the Commission will allow Member States to pay up to 70 % of direct payments from 16 October 2009 instead of from 1 December 2009. Member States may also grant de minimis state aid or loans at market conditions to help milk producers with liquidity problems. In addition to these actions and in response to the conclusions from the June 2009 European Council, Commission has now finalised an in-depth analysis of the dairy market, aiming to identify the causes for the serious situation in 2009 and to discuss further stabilising options while respecting