this is ‘money going to the neighbours’. The Commission should therefore ensure cross-border projects will continue to be financed. Amendment 7 Article 4, paragraph 2, point (c a) (new) (ca) to contribute to development and effective implementation of policies to tackle the threat to nature and biodiversity posed by climate change, to enhance the resilience of ecosystems to climate changes and facilitate their adaptation to climate changes; Justification Climate change is a major threat to biodiversity and should therefore be clearly stated in the objectives of the heading Nature and Biodiversity. Amendment 8 Article 5, paragraph 5 5. If a Member State so decides, staff costs shall be eligible for Community co-financing on condition that: (a) in the case of national agencies, such Community funding represents no more than 2% of the Community contribution to the Member State 's national annual work programme for the year concerned. The staff in question must be carrying out additional tasks that national administrations did not previously fulfil in connection with the implementation of Community programmes; (b) civil servants' salary costs may be funded only to the extent that they relate to the cost of project implementation activities that the relevant public authority would not have carried out had the project concerned not been undertaken. The staff in question must be specifically seconded to a project and they must represent an additional cost with respect to existing permanent staff. deleted Justification The staff seconded from the Member States who have thus far been responsible for managing the programme should continue with that task. However, it in no way follows that any more staff should be employed or paid from the Community budget for this purpose. Amendment 9 Article 6, paragraph 1 1. The Commission shall draw up a first multi‑annual strategic programme for 2007 to 2010 and a second multi‑annual strategic programme for 2011 to 2013. These programmes shall define the principal objectives, priority areas of action, type of measures and expected results for Community funding in relation to the objectives and criteria set out in Articles 1, 3 and 4. They shall include allocations between Member States and indicate those parts of the budget subject to central direct management and those subject to delegated management in accordance with Article 7(2). At least 80% of the budget shall be subject to delegated management. 1. The Commission shall draw up a first multi‑annual strategic programme