not go beyond what is necessary in order to achieve those objectives. (6) The scope of the provisions on mutual assistance in this Regulation should be limited to intra-Community infringements of Community legislation on consumer protection. The effectiveness with which infringements at national level are pursued should ensure that there is no discrimination between national and intra-Community transactions. This Regulation does not affect the responsibilities of the Commission with regard to infringements of Community law by the Member States. Nor does the Regulation confer on the Commission powers to stop intra-Community infringements defined in the Regulation. (7) The protection of consumers from cross-border infringements requires the establishment of a network of public enforcement authorities throughout the Community and these authorities require a minimum of common investigation and enforcement powers to apply this Regulation effectively and to deter sellers or suppliers from committing intra-Community infringements. (8) The ability of competent authorities to cooperate freely on a reciprocal basis in exchanging information, detecting and investigating intra-Community infringements and in taking action to bring about their cessation or prohibition is essential to guaranteeing the smooth functioning of the internal market and the protection of consumers. (9) Competent authorities should also make use of other powers or measures available to them at national level , including to initiate or refer matters for criminal prosecution to also bring about the cessation or prohibition of intra-Community infringements without delay as a result of a request for mutual assistance, where this is appropriate. (10) Information exchanged between competent authorities should be subject to the strictest guarantees of confidentiality and secrecy in order to ensure investigations are not compromised or the reputation of sellers or suppliers unfairly harmed. Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data OJ L 281, 23.11.1995, p. 31. Directive amended by Regulation (EC) No 1882/2003 (OJ L 284, 31.10.2003, p. 1). and Regulation (EC) No 45/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 December 2000 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data by the Community institutions and bodies and on the free movement of such data OJ L 8, 12.1.2001, p. 1. apply in the context of this Regulation. (11) The enforcement challenges that exist go beyond the