Question for oral answer O-000283/2011 to the Council Rule 115 Salvatore Iacolino , Simon Busuttil , Carlos Coelho , Elena Oana Antonescu on behalf of the PPE Group Subject: Detention conditions in the EU Whilst detention conditions and prison management are the responsibility of Member States, the European Parliament is interested in this issue because of the central importance that the principle of mutual recognition of judicial decisions has in the area of freedom, security and justice. For several years Parliament has been urging the Council to take action on various issues relating to detention. In its Resolution on the Stockholm Programme, Parliament calls for the establishment of an EU criminal justice area to be developed through, inter alia, minimum standards for prison and detention conditions and a common set of prisoners' rights in the EU. On 14 June 2011 the Commission issued a Green Paper on the application of EU criminal justice legislation in the field of detention, launching an open consultation for stakeholders on EU measures for the improvement of detention conditions, also to ensure mutual trust in judicial cooperation. The Green Paper underlines the interplay between detention conditions and mutual recognition instruments such as the European Arrest Warrant as well as pre-trial detention. The Commission Communication contains an annex illustrating that the situation in the Member States is very varied and often worrying, notably in relation to the number of pre-trial detainees, the occupancy level and overcrowding, the prison population rate and the rate of non-nationals detained. What will the Council do at EU level to ensure that detention conditions are improved in Member States? What will the Council do to promote minimum standards for prison and detention conditions and a common set of prisoners' rights in the EU, including appropriate compensation rules for persons unjustly detained or convicted? What will the Council do to provide assistance in both the construction – in accordance with regional security plans – of new detention facilities in Member States affected by prison overcrowding and the implementation of social resettlement programmes? What will the Council do to promote the improvement of prison facilities in Member States, in order to equip them technically and extend them, to make them functionally suitable with a view to improving the living conditions of detainees whilst at the same time ensuring a high level of security?