decisions are not due to be taken under that Directive before the date of entry into force of this Regulation. ( 31 ) It is therefore necessary to adopt separate rules providing for temporary but mandatory harmonised MRLs, with a view to setting MRLs progressively as decisions are taken on individual active substances as part of the evaluations under Directive 91/414/EEC. Such temporary harmonised MRLs should be based, in particular, on existing national MRLs established by the Member States and should respect the national arrangements by which they were established, provided that the MRLs do not present an unacceptable risk to consumers. ( 32 ) Following the inclusion of existing active substances in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC, Member States are to re-evaluate each plant protection product containing those active substances within four years of the date of inclusion. The MRLs concerned should be retained for a period of up to four years to provide for continuity of authorisations and, on completion of re-evaluation, should be made definitive if they are supported by dossiers which satisfy Annex III to Directive 91/414/EEC, or be set to a default level if they are not so supported. ( 33 ) This Regulation establishes MRLs for the control of pesticide residues in food and feed. It is therefore appropriate that Member States establish national programmes to control these residues. The results of the national control programmes are to be submitted to the Commission, the Authority and the other Member States and included in the Community annual report. (34) To ensure that consumers are kept adequately informed, Member States should, in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 882/2004, publish the results of national monitoring residues annually on the Internet, providing all individual data, including the place of collection and the names of retailers, traders and/or producers . ( 35 ) The measures necessary for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission OJ L 184, 17.7.1999, p. 23. . ( 36 ) In accordance with the principle of proportionality, it is necessary and appropriate for the achievement of the basic objectives of facilitating trade whilst protecting the consumer to lay down rules on MRLs for products of plant and animal origin. This Regulation does not go beyond what is necessary in order