Question for written answer E-011402/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Artur Zasada (PPE) (6 December 2011) Subject: Promotion of gliding as a first step in the career of a pilot/Recommending gliding courses for airline pilots On 1 November 2011, a Boeing 767 belonging to the Polish airline LOT made an emergency landing at Okęcie Airport in Warsaw. The aeroplane landed on its belly following several failed attempts to lower its landing gear. No passengers or crew members were injured. On 15 January 2009, an Airbus A320 belonging to US Airways made an emergency landing in the Hudson River in New York following the failure of both engines. The pilot was able to make an emergency landing after a controlled glide. A similar incident occurred on 23 July 1983, when an Air Canada Boeing 767 lost all power in both engines at an altitude of over 12 500 metres. After choosing an emergency airport within gliding range, the pilot had to quickly lose altitude without increasing his speed. In order to do this, he made use of a piloting manoeuvre known as a ‘slip’, which is commonly used in gliding. Not a single passenger died in any of the aforementioned incidents. The common denominator in all three incidents is the fact that each of the pilots held a glider pilot licence. According to experts, the skills learned while gaining glider pilot licences helped the pilots to land the aeroplanes safely. Glider pilots — like most aircraft pilots in emergency situations — have only one chance to make a landing. Making an improvised landing is nothing unusual for a glider pilot, but a common practice for which the pilot is comprehensively trained. Until just over a decade ago, gliding was considered a normal stage in a pilot's training. Indeed, the starting point of a pilot's career was usually flying gliders in air clubs. Today, training is largely commercialised, with future airline pilots seeking to acquire as many flying hours as possible within the shortest period of time. This can prevent a pilot from developing an instinctive approach to flying. Such an approach led the pilot of US1549 to reject air traffic control's recommendation that he fly to the distant Teterboro Airport (simulations indicated that he would have been unable to reach the runway). It also meant that the pilot who made the emergency landing at Okęcie Airport on 1 November 2011 was