The Commission's request for increases in the PDB 2006 is based on estimates of commitments and payments calculated on the one hand by reference to the Copenhagen Council figures and on the other by reference to 95% of average year's commitments. These objective criteria should ensure optimal management of resources. It is therefore your draftswoman's opinion that these figures should be maintained and any arbitrary reduction by Council be rejected. Your draftswoman therefore reserves the right to introduce any amendments to the draft budget when adopted by Council as may be required to ensure that sufficient resources are available for the full implementation of EU Structural Policy. Creation of a new budget line in the 2006 budget to assist in financing the creation of a network of organisations of Small and Medium Sized enterprises. The European Union recognises the unique role of SMEs in achieving the objectives of the Lisbon Strategy. The ongoing enlargement of the EU is unique in attempting to successfully integrate into the European and global economy economies which for the major part of the 20th century were the victims of a failed economic and social experiment. EU 25 will in all probability expand further over the period 2007 - 2013. The collapse of the Soviet empire and the adoption by the majority of its Members of a free market economy has led to an awareness of the need to invest in improving cross-border co-operation, not only within the Union but also with its direct neighbours. It is in recognition of this that the European Commission has proposed the creation of the EGCC . Whilst the countries concerned, including candidate countries, have shown their ability to quickly adapt to the constraints and benefit s of an ever changing free market economy, the newly formed SMEs which form the backbone of their economies can undoubtedly benefit from exchanging knowledge and experiences with well-established companies in EU 15. At present, SMEs do not possess the infrastructure necessary to easily promote such exchanges and best practice. It is for this reason that your rapporteur has proposed the creation of a new budget line (130315) in the 2006 budget to assist in financing the creation of a network of organisations of small and medium sized organisations . Your rapporteur contends that the relatively small financial resources required for this budget line, which would be limited in an initial period to EUR