a real step forward and, when fully implemented, will raise the level of service that passengers receive. They make provision for various forms of assistance to passengers but, unlike the proposal for a regulation, do not cover compensation. This proposal sets out to ensure maximum passenger protection under changed circumstances. Regulation 295/91 and its shortcomings Regulation (EEC) No 295/91 currently in force, offers – but solely to passengers who are denied boarding – the choice between an alternative flight at the earliest opportunity or reimbursement of the ticket, in addition to assistance to reduce the inconvenience of waiting for a later flight. In 1998, the Commission concluded that the regulation needed extension and clarification and proposed an amending regulation. Unfortunately, the Council failed to adopt this proposal because of disagreement about its application to Gibraltar airport. In presenting its new proposal now, the Commission clearly believes that, even amended, Regulation (EEC) No. 295/91 would still not protect passengers adequately when confronted by denied boarding or cancellation. The regulation, in fact, obliges air carriers and tour organisers to compensate and assist passengers. This does not, however, result in better regulation of the market, since it does not eliminate excessive denial of boarding or cancellation of flights. The new proposal The Commission now proposes to use a different approach to tackle the problem of denied boarding, based in part on calls for volunteers to surrender their reservations and thus to reduce the number of excess passengers and, in part, on a dissuasive system obliging companies to compensate passengers for the prejudice suffered when denied boarding. The volunteer system has been used successfully in the United States for some time, where (in 2000) it reduced cases of denied boarding to only 18 000, i.e. scarcely 0.1 per thousand of the total number of passengers, as compared with an estimated 33 000 volunteers, who made it possible to reduce the phenomenon and the inconveniences connected with it considerably. The Commission proposal sets out to fix amounts which, in addition to compensating passengers, would have a dissuasive effect on operators and prevent them from overbooking too frequently. The amount of compensation is fixed, in the Commission’s calculations, regardless of the class of ticket, at approximately twice the level of the most popular business tariffs. The most striking innovation, however, is that passengers now benefit from similar protection in two cases not covered by the old