hunts traditionally conducted by Inuit and other indigenous communities. Otherwise the import is permitted where it is of an occasional nature and consists exclusively of goods for the personal use of the travellers. Furthermore it is allowed to place on the market products that result from by-products of hunting [and] conducted for the purpose of sustainable management of marine resources on a non-profit basis. Adopted by the EP: 5.5.2009 Applicable: This Regulation shall enter into force on the 20th day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union. The article on conditions for placing on the market enters into force nine months from the date of entry into force of this Regulation. Safety first for pesticides A new regulation on pesticides adopted by the European Parliament bans the use of certain highly toxic chemicals in the manufacture of pesticides and requires other risky substances to be replaced with safer alternatives. A directive adopted at the same time will reduce the amount of pesticides used, by prohibiting most aerial crop spraying with pesticides as well as the use of pesticides near parks and playgrounds and in buffer zones around rivers and lakes. Directive and regulation adopted by EP: 13.1.2009 (2nd reading agreement with Council) Date of directive transposition: about beginning 2011 (24 months following entry into force, not yet published) Regulation fully applicable: 18 months following entry into force New EU waste legislation with binding 2020 targets The EU will have new waste legislation which includes targets for re-use and recycling of waste to be attained by 2020. The directive sets out rules on recycling and waste prevention. Recycling targets by 2020 are 50% for paper, metal and glass from households and 70% for non-hazardous construction and demolition waste. Only the most energy efficient incinerators can be classified as ‘recovery’ operations. Directive adopted by EP: 17.06.2008 Deadline for transposition: end Dec 2010 (24 months from entry into force) New schemes for recycling batteries The European Parliament approved a directive setting up schemes for collecting spent portable batteries and accumulators throughout Europe by 2008. Minimum collection rates to be reached by all Member States are 25% by 2012 and 45 % by 2016. Collected batteries will be recycled. Strict limits to the content of cadmium and mercury in batteries have also been fixed. The UK recycles about 2% of domestic batteries at the moment. Directive adopted by