Rule 128 of the Rules of Procedure, the procedure provided for in this rule should apply, mutatis mutandis. Rule 129 Deleted TITLE V RELATIONS WITH NATIONAL PARLIAMENTS Rule 130 Exchange of information, contacts and reciprocal facilities 1. Parliament shall keep the national parliaments of the Member States regularly informed of its activities. 2. The organisation and promotion of effective and regular interparliamentary cooperation within the Union, pursuant to Article 9 of the Protocol on the role of national parliaments in the European Union, shall be negotiated on the basis of a mandate given by the Conference of Presidents, after consultation of the Conference of Committee Chairs. Parliament shall approve any agreements on such matters in accordance with the procedure set out in Rule 127. 3. A committee may directly engage in a dialogue with national parliaments at committee level within the limits of budgetary appropriations set aside for this purpose. This may include appropriate forms of pre-legislative and post-legislative cooperation. 4. Any document concerning a legislative procedure at Union level which is officially transmitted by a national parliament to the European Parliament shall be forwarded to the committee responsible for the subject-matter dealt with in that document. 5. The Conference of Presidents may give a mandate to the President to negotiate facilities for the national parliaments of the Member States, on a reciprocal basis, and to propose any other measures to facilitate contacts with the national parliaments. Rule 131 Conference of European Affairs Committees (COSAC) 1. On a proposal from the President, the Conference of Presidents shall name the members of, and may confer a mandate on, Parliament’s delegation to COSAC. The delegation shall be headed by a Vice-President of the European Parliament responsible for implementation of relations with the national parliaments and by the Chair of the committee responsible for institutional matters. 2. The other members of the delegation shall be chosen in the light of the subjects to be discussed at the COSAC meeting and shall comprise, as far as possible, representatives of the committees responsible for those subjects. A report shall be submitted by the delegation after each meeting. 3. Due account shall be taken of the overall political balance within Parliament. Rule 132 Conferences of parliaments The Conference of Presidents shall designate the members of Parliament's delegation to any conference or similar body involving representatives of parliaments and shall confer a mandate upon it that conforms