Answer given by Mr Barroso on behalf of the Commission (2 October 2008) In 2007, the Commission published a Green Paper on market-based instruments for environment and related policy purposes COM(270)140 final, 28.3.2007. . In the Green Paper the Commission pleads for an increased use of market-based instruments (such as trading schemes, taxes and targeted subsidies) to achieve environmental and other policy objectives, both at Community and national levels. In this context, the Green Paper also calls for a reform of environmentally harmful subsidies (EHS). The full use of appropriate economic and financial instruments, from more general incentives such as taxes and emission trading systems to more specific measures (financial support to research and development, innovation and demonstration on specific issues) would facilitate the socioeconomic transition needed to fulfil the goals of the EU Sustainable Development Strategy providing strong and cost-effective incentives to reducing the impacts on the environment. As regards harmful subsidies in particular, a preparatory study was undertaken in 2007 focusing on the definition of environmentally harmful subsidies, its quantification, arguments for the reform of EHS and on practical lessons for taking forward such reform. The report offers practical insights into subsidy reform drawing on existing literature, the knowledge and expertise of the contributors and a number of case studies that were selected and studied. The report is available at: http://ec.europa.eu/environment/enveco/others/index.htm#ehs. The results of the consultation on the Green Paper and the findings of the study are taken into account for the purposes of the preparation of relevant Commission proposals across different policy fields, e.g. in the areas of energy and climate change, agriculture and fisheries, the reform of the EU budget or the reform of the state aid rules. The Commission will come back on the issue in its report on the implementation of the EU sustainable development strategy in 2009.