In particular such training courses must focus on welfare aspects. 2. Member States shall ensure that appropriate training courses by competent training bodies are available for stockmen and vets . In particular such training courses must focus on welfare aspects. The three year agricultural training course shall also satisfy the aims of such courses .” Amendment 30 ARTICLE 1, POINT 2 Article 5a, paragraph 2a (new) (Directive 91/630/EEC ) 2a. Pig producers or farm managers must hold a certificate of completion of practical and theoretical training approved by the competent authority as a condition for taking over or managing a pig production unit. Amendment 31 ARTICLE 1, POINT 3 Article 6 (Directive 91/630/EEC ) Not later than 1 January 2008 the Commission shall submit to the Council a report, drawn up on the basis of an opinion from the Scientific Committee on Animal Health and Welfare Committee. Not later than 1 January 2004 the Commission shall submit to the Council a report, drawn up on the basis of an opinion from the Scientific Committee on Animal Health and Welfare Committee and taking into account the varying geographical situations of pig farms in the European Union. The report shall cover in particular The report shall cover in particular 1. the effects of stocking density in different farming systems on welfare including health of pigs, 1. the effects of stocking density in different farming systems and places on welfare including health of pigs, 1a. rules on the keeping of pigs outdoor, 1b specific temperature requirements for pigs in different climatic conditions 1c. a comparison, concerning the environmental and animal welfare impact, of the use of slatted floors and the use of straw, 2. further developments of group-housing systems for pregnant sows, 2. further developments of group-housing systems for pregnant sows, 3. the determination of space requirements for individually-housed adult breeding boar, 3. the determination of space requirements for individually-housed adult breeding boar, 4. further developments of loose-house systems for sows in the service area and for farrowing sows, which meet the needs of the sow without compromising piglet survival, 4. further developments of loose-house systems for sows in the service area and for farrowing sows, which meet the needs of the sow without compromising piglet survival, 5. the development of techniques that will reduce the need to resort to surgical castration, 5. the development of production methods that will reduce the need