Council, assessing the relevance, utility, sustainability, effectiveness and efficiency of the Daphne II activities achieved so far. This report will include an ex-ante evaluation in order to support possible future action. Moreover, in parallel to the presentation of the preliminary draft budget, the Commission shall forward to the budgetary authority an output of the qualitative and quantitative evaluation resulting from the comparison between the annual implementation plan and the performance progress. 3. The European Parliament may, if needed, request from the Commission a report on the work achieved by funded projects and the complementary actions, in particular those actions to extract and deduce policy issues, as a useful informative tool to evaluate the need for political action. 4 . On completion of the programme, the Commission shall submit a final report to the European Parliament and to the Council. 5 . The reports referred to under paragraphs 2 and 4 of this article will also be sent to the European Economic and Social Committee and to the Committee of the Regions. Article 10 Entry into force This Decision shall enter into force on the 20 th day following the date of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . Done at , For the European Parliament For the Council The President The President ANNEX SPECIFIC OBJECTIVES AND ACTIONS I. TRANSNATIONAL ACTIONS: 1. Identification and exchange of good practice and experience Objective: to support and encourage the exchange, adaptation and use of good practice for application in other contexts or geographical areas. To stimulate and promote the exchange of good practice at Community level on support for and protection of children, young people and women – victims or groups at risk - with special emphasis on the following areas: a) prevention (general or targeting specific groups); b) protection and support to victims (psychological , medical , social, educational and legal assistance, the provision of accomodation, the removal and protection of victims, training and reintegration into the social and working life); c) procedures to protect the best interests of children, young people and women who are the victims of violence; d) measurement of the real impact of the different types of violence on victims and society within Europe, in order to establish an appropriate response 2. Mapping surveys, studies and research Objective: to study phenomena related to violence. To support research activities, gender- and age-based studies and mapping surveys