Answer given by Ms Kroes on behalf of the Commission (9 March 2010) The PSI Directive was adopted in November 2003. Member States (hereafter MS) had until 1st of July 2005 to implement the directive into their national laws. All MS have notified implementing measures. The Commission has been monitoring the implementation and application of the directive through comprehensive conformity analysis. The Commission has also been engaged in intensive administrative cooperation. This has led to swift legislative changes in several MS, e.g. Denmark, Greece, Ireland and Malta, which had originally notified insufficient implementation measures. Most recently, following infringement proceedings instituted against Poland, Italy and Sweden, new PSI re-use laws are under adoption in Italy and Sweden http://ec.europa.eu/information_society/policy/psi/infringements/index_en.htm . In 2008‑09 the Commission reviewed the directive http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CELEX:52009DC0212:EN:NOT . The review revealed that although adoption of the directive resulted in an increase of PSI re-use across the EU, Assessment of the Re-use of Public Sector Information (PSI) in the Geographical Information, Meteorological Information and Legal Information sectors, MICUS, 12/2008. the progress on this market in the MS has been uneven and barriers to re-use remain. These barriers include attempts by public sector bodies to maximise cost recovery, as opposed to benefits for the wider economy, competition between the public and the private sector, practical issues hindering re-use, such as the lack of information on available PSI, and the mindset of public sector bodies failing to realise the economic potential of PSI. However, since transposition procedures have either only recently been terminated or are still ongoing, the full impact of the directive cannot be assessed yet. Therefore the Commission concluded that it was premature to revise the provisions of the directive at this stage. In order to remove the barriers indicated above, the Commission recommended to MS in its review report to focus their efforts on full and correct implementation and application of the directive, terminating exclusive arrangements, applying licensing and charging models which facilitate the availability and re-use of PSI, ensuring equal conditions for public bodies reusing their own documents and other re-users, and promoting quick and inexpensive conflict resolution mechanisms. Since the publication of the review, important developments have taken place, e.g. the United Kingdom (UK) has recently launched the data.gov.uk portal providing already a single access point to over 2 500 central government datasets which have been made available for commercial and non-commercial re-use under a set of simple and