that have been agreed, at Council level, to be serious ones. Amendment 6 3 Proposal for a regulation Article 84 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. When a natural person has committed or a legal person is held liable for an infringement of the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy, the appropriate number of points shall be assigned to the holder of the fishing authorisation as a result of the infringement. The holder of the fishing authorisation shall be entitled to review proceedings in accordance with national law. 2. When a natural person has committed or a legal person is held liable for a serious infringement of the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy, the appropriate number of points shall be assigned to the holder of the fishing authorisation as a result of the serious infringement. The holder of the fishing authorisation shall be entitled to review proceedings in accordance with national law. Justification The penalty points should only apply to those infringements that have been agreed, at Council level, to be serious ones. Amendment 6 4 Proposal for a regulation Article 84 – paragraph 2 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2a. As long as a holder of a fishing authori s ation has been assigned penalty points , that holder shall be precluded from receiving Community subsidies and national public aid during that time. Justification Vessels which have committed serious infractions against the CFP should not be eligible for public aid. Currently, the exclusion of vessel owners convicted of serious infringements from receiving Community aid, is so far only possible if it is provided for in the national legislation of a Member State. Removal from the list of eligible beneficiaries should be made mandatory so that taxpayer’s do not subsidise vessels and operators convicted of criminal activity. Amendment 6 5 Proposal for a regulation Article 84 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. In the event of a serious infringement, the penalty points assigned shall be at least, equal to half of the points referred to in paragraph 3. deleted Justification The penalty points should only apply to those infringements that have been agreed, at Council level, to be serious ones. This paragraph thus becomes superfluous. Amendment 6 6 Proposal for a regulation Article 84 – paragraph 5 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 5. If the holder of