the committee is to be obtained by written procedure, that procedure shall be terminated without result when, within the time-limit for delivery of the opinion, the chair of the committee so decides or a majority of committee members so request. Amendment 172 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 14 – point 7 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1528/2007 Article 24 7a. Article 24 is deleted. Amendment 173 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 14 – point 8 Regulation (EC) No 1528/2007 Articles 24a, 24b and 24c 8. The following Articles 24a, 24b and 24c are inserted: deleted 'Article 24a Exercise of the delegation 1. The powers to adopt the delegated acts referred to in Article 2(2) and (3) shall be conferred on the Commission for an indeterminate period of time. 2. As soon as it adopts a delegated act, the Commission shall notify it simultaneously to the European Parliament and to the Council. 3. The powers to adopt delegated acts are conferred on the Commission subject to the conditions laid down in Articles 24b and 24c. Article 24b Revocation of the delegation 1. The delegation of power referred to in Article 2(2) and (3) may be revoked at any time by the European Parliament or by the Council. 2. The institution which has commenced internal procedure for deciding whether to revoke the delegation of power shall endeavour to inform the other institution and the Commission within a reasonable time before the final decision is taken, indicating the delegated powers which could be subject to revocation and possible reasons for a revocation. 3. The decision of revocation shall put an end to the delegation of the powers specified in that decision. It shall take effect immediately or at a later date specified therein. It shall not affect the validity of the delegated acts already in force. It shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union. Article 24c Objections to delegated acts 1. The European Parliament and the Council may object to the delegated act within a period of two months from the date of notification. At the initiative of the European Parliament or the Council this period shall be extended by one month. 2. If, on expiry of that period, neither the European Parliament nor the Council has objected to the delegated act it shall be published in the Official