package travel, package holidays and package tours. . One of the inconveniences which still remains is the practice of overbooking, which cannot be eliminated completely, in particular because of the transfer to a later flight of passengers unable, for various reasons, to take the one on which they were booked. The main cause of overbooking is the practice called ‘no-show’, the tendency for passengers not to turn up for flights although they have confirmed reservations. Operators, therefore, forecast the probable level of no-shows on a flight. They then accept reservations which exceed the plane's capacity. This system has something of the perverse about it and is partly self-perpetuating: many passengers, fearing the effects of overbooking, make double reservations, even on flights from the same company, thus multiplying the problems. The agencies are also responsible for this, since they are not unduly concerned about selling the same seat twice, in the expectation of some no-shows. According to the data available to the Commission, in 1999 an estimated 250,000 passengers suffered this treatment from the main Community carriers (scheduled services), or 1.1 per thousand. While this is, of course, a modest percentage, the problem is not as marginal as one might think, particularly for certain periods of the year or on certain routes. And quite apart from any statistical importance, the issue is one of protecting rights and rationalising the system. Developments in the market Liberalisation of air transport has brought passengers many advantages. Competition has arrived on many routes, prices have fallen and demand has risen. In spite of this positive picture, however, consumers have valid reasons for dissatisfaction. Denied boarding and cancellation of flights, for commercial reasons, provoke strong resentment and although air carriers and tour operators are not always responsible for excessive delays, they should not be allowed to leave passengers in their care stranded at airports for hours, unable to change their reservations or cancel their flights if they no longer serve any purpose. Aware of these problems, in May 2001 the associations of European airlines presented voluntary commitments to improve their quality of service. These measures are a real step forward and, when fully implemented, will raise the level of service that passengers receive. They make provision for various forms of assistance to passengers but, unlike the proposal for a regulation, do not cover compensation. This proposal sets out to ensure maximum passenger protection under changed circumstances.