News Report : 03-02-2005 Brussels, 3 February 2005 Improved protection against unfair commercial practices You may yourself have been deceived by misleading promotional material and acquired a product at a bargain price, without realising that it was not an original but a copy. You may also have found yourself incorrectly persuaded that the after-sales service included in your guarantee can only be provided in the country where the product was sold. Equally, you may have found a letter in your mailbox telling you that you have won a prize, apparently with no strings attached, when in reality either the prize does not exist or you will have to pay to receive it. These are just a few examples of unfair commercial practices. With a view to combating such practices more effectively, the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection unanimously adopted, this Wednesday, a report by Mercedes BRESSO (PES, IT). Its objectives are: to outlaw such practices, as set out in the directive; to create common rules at EU level which would replace the existing diversity of national laws; and to improve the protection of consumers considered to be 'vulnerable'. The 'blacklist' attached to the directive has been substantially amended by MEPs. No Member State can now introduce further alterations other than by revising the directive according to the rules laid down in the Treaty. Under the amended text, it would be unambiguously forbidden to use advertising as a direct means of inciting children to buy a product or persuade their parents that it has to be bought. The MEPs also favour tackling traders who pose as consumers of their own product to boost sales without revealing the commercial purpose of their action, as well as insurers who, to deter clients from exercising their contractual rights, ask for unnecessary documents or systematically ignore important correspondence. The MEPs have insisted on improving the definition and protection of vulnerable consumers. The point of reference remains the 'average' consumer, in line with the Commission's position, but the definition and the reference to Court of Justice case-law have been made more specific. Member States will have 24 months from the entry into force of the directive to adopt and publish the necessary national rules. After that they may continue to apply previously existing national rules for six years where those rules are more restrictive than those of the directive or derive from the