WRITTEN QUESTION E-3460/06 by Antonio Tajani (PPE‑DE) to the Commission (25 July 2006) Subject: Decision by the Italian telecom authority on termination rates The remedies proposed in the regulations notified by AGCOM to the Italian authority responsible for fixed-call termination markets and local and national telephony markets are placing Italy in an anomalous situation in comparison with the other Member States and are threatening consumer interests. The AGCOM regulations governing fixed-call termination markets stipulate that the termination rate requested by alternative operators in Italy may be up to 275 % of that charged for termination on the networks of traditional operators (asymmetrical charges), resulting in the highest differential between the two rates in the European Union. In most European countries, alternative operators are required to maintain symmetrical termination rates and, even where a price differential exists, it is nowhere comparable to that in Italy. Within the notification procedure, the Commission has asked AGCOM to arrange for a four-year glide path in order to reach termination-rate symmetry and to develop a cost model for calculating the costs incurred by OLOs for call termination. These measures are necessary in order to safeguard consumer interests since, as Commissioner Viviane Reding has acknowledged, ‘efficiency should be reflected in progressively lower termination rates and hence lower retail prices for end users’. The Commission has also emphasised the principle whereby operators should be able to recover their highest wholesale costs while applying appropriate retail rates. 1. Will the Commission state what further measures it intends to take to ensure effective harmonisation in the application of standard remedies imposed by the national authorities and avoid the creation of clearly anomalous situations, such as that of the call termination market in Italy? 2. What measures does it intend to take to ensure, in the interest of consumers, that AGCOM duly takes account of the Commission's comments, which state that a glide path must be determined in order to reach termination-rate symmetry within four years?