Answer given by High Representative/Vice-President Ashton on behalf of the Commission (13 March 2012) The High Representative/Vice-President is well aware of the situation in Bahrain and has been following it closely. Her views have been made well known both in writing and in direct contacts with the Bahraini regime, including the Foreign Minister and the King. The European Union Delegation in Saudi Arabia (also accredited to Bahrain) and EU Member States represented in Manama are also in regular contact with the authorities. On all these occasions, the EU has expressed its concerns about the situation in Bahrain, has urged the local authorities to address these problems as rapidly as possible and has asked to be present at the ongoing trials. Furthermore, the HR/VP, who has on numerous occasions called for dialogue between the regime and the opposition as the only sustainable way to promote national reconciliation, has reiterated the EU’s readiness to extend support as and when requested. As far as arms exports by EU Member States are concerned, decisions on whether to authorise or deny arms exports remain the responsibility of Member States. However, in recent years the EU has developed a coordinated approach that culminated in the adoption of Common Position 2008/944/CFSP, establishing a set of criteria to regulate exports in conventional arms. The common position provides that an arms export licence shall be denied if inconsistent with criteria of the common position and, in particular, respect for human rights and likelihood that the equipment might be used for internal repression, internal situation of the country of destination and risk of regional destabilisation. As recent experience has proved, the common position represents an appropriate instrument to allow Member States to deny, when appropriate, an arms transfer even when the destination country is not under an arms embargo. Following the popular uprisings in the MENA and Gulf regions, the Council Working Group on Conventional Arms Exports (COARM) has devoted most of its most recent meetings to an assessment of Member States' previous and current export control policies towards this region, with a view to providing national licensing authorities with the most relevant information regarding sensitive export destinations. As a result, most Member States have recently decided to freeze or suspend previously granted arms export licences to destinations currently affected by the unrest. Some of the EU Member States have also formally undertaken a review of their arms export policies,