other courses. Linguistic proficiency in more than one language would open the doors to greater mobility within the European Union, leading to greater European integration; 10. Suggests to universities and colleges of higher education that their internal rules facilitate the admission of teachers and students from other countries, taking account of the experience that they have gained in other universities; Common networks and services 11. Affirms that common Europe-wide public networks and services need to be set up to facilitate access to scientific, technical, and bibliographic information, which by definition should be managed jointly; European master’s degrees 12. Supports the proposals being put forward by the Commission to establish common studies and qualifications or European master’s degrees in collaboration with all the universities of the European Union Member States; 13. Calls on the competent authorities to encourage the inclusion of practical experience (for example, placements) as part of university courses; University and Sport 14. Stresses that it is important to increase and promote sporting activity at universities and to encourage university teams to take part in regional, national and international championships; Students 15. Points out to the authorities responsible for grants policy that the number of study and post-graduate training bursaries should be increased, mainly for those students wishing to study abroad; also suggests that post-graduate grants at least should be awarded on the basis of merit as well as household income; Research and postgraduate education 16. Calls on the Commission and the Member States to increase funding for and intensify the coordination strategies for universities for the purposes of postgraduate education and to encourage studies at doctoral and post-doctoral level, which generate critical mass and will form the bedrock of the future European research area; 17. Calls on the Commission and Member States to consider forging partnerships with public or private undertakings or local authorities so as to improve the funding of doctoral or post-doctoral studies; 18.Recommends that the universities develop sister research institutes and trans-European networks be set up to link those research centres to others providing advanced training and stresses in particular the need for a publicly funded European research network to limit the harmful effects on both EU and developing countries caused by the cost of patents for pharmaceutical, agricultural and other high-technology products; 19. Considers that universities should he more involved in major debates and should become for a for the discussion of major scientific