Question for written answer E-9590/2010 to the Commission Rule 117 Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE) (23 November 2010) Subject: Arms export contract between Spain and Saudi Arabia A few days ago, in the context of a visit to Spain by Prince Khaled bin Sultan, a newspaper report was published on the negotiations between Spain and Saudi Arabia on the sale to the latter of between 200 and 270 Leopard 2E combat vehicles. This, together with the export of at least 20 armoured recovery vehicles, will add up to a contract worth over three billion euros (excluding technical training and maintenance). It is also clear that if this operation is finalised, Spain will be contravening the Council Common Position 2008/944/CFSP of 8 December 2008 on arms exports, defining common rules governing control of exports of military technology and equipment. The content of this Common Position closely follows that of the Code of Conduct which preceded it during nine presidencies before its final adoption. The Common Position outlines the eight criteria to be taken into account before authorising arms sales. These are: (1) respect for international obligations, (2) respect for human rights in the country of final destination, (3) internal situation in the country of final destination, as a function of the existence of tensions or armed conflicts, (4) preservation of regional peace, security and stability, (5) national security of the Member States, (6) behaviour of the buyer country with regard to the international community, (7) existence of a risk of diversion, and (8) compatibility of the exports of the military technology or equipment with the technical and economic capacity of the recipient country. The Common Position further stipulates that another criterion for authorisation may be the economic, social, industrial and commercial interests of the exporting country. With regard to the above, it should be noted that Saudi Arabia does not exactly meet the eight criteria listed; in fact it fails to meet several of them, and if Spain were to go ahead with this contract it would be failing to meet its Community obligations. In view of all the above: Is the Commission informed of this situation? Does the Commission consider that Spain would be failing to comply with Common Position 2008/944/CFSP on control of arms exports? If so, what means will the Commission use to demand Spain's compliance with Community legislation?