has substantial armed forces and contributes to peacekeeping efforts in the region and in the wider continent as well as assisting with mediation efforts in troubled neighbouring countries. Nigeria has not requested the help of troops from third countries, and the Nigerian army played a key role in stepping in to bring the situation under control and preventing the spread of violence in and around Jos. Nevertheless there have been reports of extrajudicial killings by the military and also by police. The EU requested the Federal Government of Nigeria to ensure a full investigation of the causes of violence as well as to bring the perpetrators of violence to justice. As yet there is no independent, verifiable confirmation on the numbers of deaths and displaced from the conflicts in January and March 2010, nor on allegations on the role of the Army. It is not possible to put systematically Muslims or Christians in the role of either aggressor or victim since historically they have been both. Under the European Development Fund (EDF) the EU supports development cooperation in the African, Caribbean and Pacific States (ACP) countries, including Nigeria. With the current 10th EDF (2008-2013) in November 2009 the EU launched a cooperation programme of EUR 677 million to support development aid in Nigeria. While EU aid may contribute only to a limited extent to directly reducing poverty in Nigeria, it can play an important role in supporting the country's efforts to use its own resources more effectively. The aid facilitates EU access to and engagement in dialogue on vital and strategic sectors for reform in Nigeria, in particular peace and security in the region. Four main sectors for development partnership are to be supported under the EUR 677 million package of country cooperation from the 10th EDF, namely: peace and security; governance and human rights; trade and regional integration; and key development issues including environment, climate change, health and energy. Council Directive 2004/83/EC on minimum standards for the qualification and status of third‑country nationals or stateless persons as refugees or as persons who otherwise need international protection and the content of the protection granted OJ L 304, 30.9.2004. covers in an appropriate manner all the international protection needs of asylum‑seekers, including the ground of a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of religion. Asylum decisions must always be based on an individual, impartial and objective assessment of all the