(4) Measures and projects financed under LIFE+ should meet eligibility criteria to secure the best possible use of Community funds. Measures and projects should meet additional eligibility criteria to ensure European added value and to avoid financing recurring activities, except where such activities have clear demonstration value or a start-up function . Justification Consistent with other amendments deleting the principle of delegated management. While the spirit of the text is correct, the wording is too onerous. Many projects of legitimate European added value such as demonstration projects require the execution of daily activities. The proposed text reduces the risk of exclusion of legitimate activities while maintaining the requirement that governments should not use LIFE+ funds for routine activities that should be funded out of national budgets. Amendment 3 Recital 5 (5) In the area of nature and biodiversity, the implementation of Community policy and legislation itself provides a framework for European added value. Best practice or demonstration measures and projects, including those relating to the management and designation of Natura 2000 sites, should be eligible for Community financing under LIFE+, except where they are eligible for funding under other Community financial instruments. (5) In the area of nature and biodiversity, the implementation of Community policy and legislation itself provides a framework for European added value. Best practice or demonstration measures and projects, including those relating to the management and designation of Natura 2000 sites, should be eligible for Community financing under LIFE+, except where they are eligible for funding under other Community financial instruments. The Commission will produce a review of the contribution of these complementary instruments to the financing of Natura 2000 in time for the 2008/9 review of the Financial Framework with a view to adapting LIFE+ to the necessary changes and ensuring a high level of Community co-financing. Justification The Commission has estimated that the Natura 2000 network costs €6.1 billion to fund annually. The Commission has successfully advocated delivering the co-financing needed through the ‘integrated approach’, mainly using other instruments such as Structural, Fisheries and Rural Development funds, with some gaps filled by LIFE+. Yet there are no guarantees that this integrated approach will work. It is therefore necessary to review this approach in time for the revision of the EU budget. Amendment 4 Recital 5 a (new) (5a) The Member States agreed in Malahide in 2004 that arrangements needed to be established to ensure adequate