European Union . In line with that charter and to take account of, as appropriate the Convention on human rights and biomedicine , organ transplantation programmes should be founded on the principles of voluntary and unpaid donation, altruism of the donor and solidarity between donor and recipient while ensuring that strict confidentiality rules and security measures are in place for the protection of the donors' and the recipients' personal data. Justification The concepts of 'traceability' and 'identifiability' are strongly connected to each other: whenever traceability of the holders of the biological materials is possible, either in a direct or indirect way, these holders can be considered as identifiable. From a data protection perspective, traceability and anonymity of data cannot appear at the same time since they are opposite to each other. However, the proposal still uses both terms and therefore creates a contradiction .Recital 16 should be more focused on reinforcing the relation between Chapter III (principles governing organ donation) and quality and safety of organs intended for transplantation. Amendment 10 Proposal for a directive Recital 16 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (1 6 a) The competent authority should consult with the national Data Protection Authority in relation to developing a framework for the transfer to and from third countries of data concerning organs. The specific regime for the transfer of personal data to third countries as laid down in Articles 25 and 26 of Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data 1 should apply . 1 OJ L 281, 23.11.1995, p. 31. Justification A specific regime for transfer of personal data to third countries is laid down in Articles 25 and 26 of Directive 95/46/EC. Article 21 or the relevant Recital 15 of the proposal could state that the competent authority will consult with the national Data Protection Authority in order to develop the necessary framework for secure, but also fast and efficient transfer of organs' data to and from the third countries. Amendment 11 Proposal for a directive Recital 16 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (16b) As a general principle, the identity of the recipient(s) should not be disclosed to the donor or the donor's family or vice versa, without prejudice to legislation in