P6_TA(2008)0437 Deliberations of the Committee on Petitions during 2007 A6-0336/2008 European Parliament resolution of 23 September 2008 on the deliberations of the Committee on Petitions during 2007 ( 2008/2028(INI) ) The European Parliament , – having regard to its previous resolutions on the deliberations of the Committee on Petitions, notably its resolution of 21 June 2007 on the results of the fact-finding mission to the regions of Andalucía, Valencia and Madrid conducted on behalf of the Committee on Petitions OJ C 146 E, 12.6.2008, p. 340. , – having regard to Articles 21 and 194 of the EC Treaty, – having regard to Rules 45 and 192(6) of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the report of the Committee on Petitions ( A6-0336/2008 ), A. recognising the singular importance of the petitions process in allowing individuals the opportunity to draw to the attention of the European Parliament specific issues which are of direct concern to them covering the area of activity of the Union, B. whereas the Committee on Petitions should always strive to improve its efficiency in order to better serve EU citizens and meet their expectations, C. mindful of the fact that, in spite of considerable progress in the development of the structures and policies of the Union during this period, citizens often remain conscious of many shortcomings in the application of the policies and programmes of the Union as they affect them directly, D. whereas, in accordance with the EC Treaty, EU citizens have the right to petition the European Parliament but they may also channel their complaints to other EU institutions or organs, notably the Commission, E. whereas efforts to promote and provide information on the public right to petition Parliament remain vital at national level, so as to awaken public interest and, in particular, prevent confusion over the various complaints procedures, F. whereas it is the responsibility of the Member States to apply Community regulations and directives, a responsibility which they may delegate to regional or local political authorities depending upon their own constitutional arrangements, G. whereas it is legitimate for Parliament to exercise democratic oversight and supervision of Union policies, bearing in mind the important principle of subsidiarity, in order to ensure that Union laws are properly implemented and understood and that they fulfil the purpose for which they were designed, debated and adopted by the competent institutions of the Union, H.