Answer given by Mr Kyprianou on behalf of the Commission (19 June 2006) 1. Food additives are subject to rigorous safety evaluations before they are permitted for use. When new data become available, it is also necessary for them to be reviewed to assess any impact on previous evaluations and authorisations. In June 2005, the Commission became aware of a new study carried out at the Ramazzini research centre in Italy by Soffritti et al. Article 6 of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 of the Parliament and of the Council of 28 January 2002 laying down the general principles and requirements of food law, establishing the European Food Safety Authority and laying down procedures in matters of food safety, OJ L 31, 1.2.2002. of the Parliament and of the Council provides that a risk management decision should be established on the basis of an appropriate risk assessment normally carried out by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA). Before the establishment of EFSA, the Scientific Committee on Food (SCF) evaluated the safety of aspartame in 2002 and concluded that there was no evidence to suggest a need to revise the established favourable opinion on this additive. Referring to the new study, the Commission asked EFSA to assess it and advise whether it was necessary to revise the previous opinion on aspartame carried out by the SCF in 2002. Both EFSA and the Commission urged the researchers to make available the full results of the study so that they could be evaluated. In December 2005 and April 2006, the Ramazzini research centre provided EFSA with more comprehensive data from the new study. EFSA has evaluated this information in the context of the previous safety data available. The scientific opinion adopted by EFSA on 3 May 2006 concludes that, on the basis of the data provided, there is no reason to further review the previous scientific opinion on the safety of aspartame, nor to revise the acceptable daily intake (ADI) established by the SCF. 2. EFSA was established by the abovementioned regulation as an independent Community agency to provide high-quality, independent scientific and technical support in all fields which have a direct or indirect impact on food and feed safety. The regulation emphasises the aspect of independence of the scientific advice and the transparency of the process. EFSA has in turn established internal rules and procedures to comply with these