EU policies, to involve in the process, on a full and regular basis, those who are required to implement these laws and policies. The precise arrangements for participation by regional and local authorities would be determined by national structures. The Committee of the Regions or European bodies representing regional, urban and local interests should be consulted. Indeed, one of the key issues of the draft resolution is the role of the Committee of the Regions: MEPs underline the legitimacy and crucial role of this institution as the representative of local and regional authorities in the EU framework. One proposed amendment seeks to add to the Treaty an article on linguistic diversity. It says that the EU shall, within its spheres of competence, respect and promote linguistic diversity in Europe "including regional or minority languages as an expression of that diversity". MEPs also believe it is important to foster cross-border co-operation at all levels, as this is "a European task and a political objective of the EU". Lastly, the European Convention is asked to examine the role of regional and local authorities in European integration. New Names for EU Laws Jean- Louis BOURLANGES (EPP-ED, F) Report on the typology of acts and the hierarchy of legislation in the European Union (2002/2140(INI)) Doc.: A5-0425/2002 Procedure : Own-initiative report Debate : 16.12.2002 A complete overhaul of the names for the various types of EU law is being proposed by the Constitutional Affairs Committee through an own-initiative draft resolution by Jean-Louis BOURLANGES (EPP-ED, F). The key themes behind the proposed changes are "simplification, democratisation and specialisation" and the basic rule would be "one act, one procedure, one name", entailing a classification of EU acts by function: constitutional, legislative and implementing. The new classification would be as follows: A constitutional bloc comprising a single act divided into two parts: 1. The Constitution, incorporating the Charter of Fundamental Rights; 2. All provisions currently set out in the Treaty which were not included in the constitutional part; these would mainly be the principles governing common policies. This act would be ratified by the Member States in accordance with their respective constitutional procedures and would thus take the form of a Constitutional Treaty. The ratification procedure should be revised, says the committee, to ensure that a small minority of Member States cannot block ratification. For any revision of the Constitutional Treaty, the European Council would have to approve