Answer given by Mr Rehn on behalf of the Commission (20 April 2006) It needs to be noted that the competence for organising social services lies with the Member States and there is not a standard system for the provision of services. In Romania, the county authorities are responsible for the implementation of the strategies in the field of social services and assistance. According to the Romanian legislation, the social services can be provided by any accredited body: either public authorities at county or local level or non-governmental organisations (NGOs). In reality, the type and quality of services provided differs between regions or even between counties. The services provided by NGOs are still numerous compared to the ones provided by the local administrations. There are also different authorities in charge with social issues at central level: Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and Family, National Authority for Disabled Persons, National Authority for Protection of Children’s Rights, which have their own financing schemes from the state budget under which the eligible applicants can be civil society organisations. Given this background, the Commission has, through the Phare multi-annual programme for social services, established a clear objective to strengthen the capacity of public authorities in the provision of services. In the implementation mechanism for the grant schemes, the applicants can only be the relevant departments of the county or local administrations. Partnership with other service providers can be established and is encouraged as a means of transfer of expertise. However, the leader of the project will always be the public authority. Sustainability is ensured with the conditionality that the public authority partner will take over the project operating costs three months before the end of the project and continues financing the service at least three years after. As regards the field where the organisation Cry in the Dark is active, child protection in Romania is a responsibility of the local departments for child protection. A major reform has taken place over the last years, supported by Phare financing. Child protection departments have retaken control, and standards of care have been introduced. Phare projects on social services, including child protection, have aimed at reinforcing the responsibility of the public authorities and the structures of the local authorities. Partnerships with NGOs have been encouraged, as NGOs can be service providers under the existing legislation. There has been a lot of progress over the last years, especially