protection of personal data - MEPs underline freedom of expression MEPs active on culture, education and sport In the field of culture, education and sport, the European Parliament has fought for more money to go to education programmes, emphasised the important role of sport in society, and shown its support for European cinema. The new directive on audiovisual services was also adopted. When celebrating the Year of Intercultural dialogue in 2008 Parliament hosted a number of leading cultural figures and religious leaders. Easier to compare qualifications To ease mobility of students and workers, Parliament adopted legislation which will facilitate, as of 2012, the comparison of qualifications from school-leavers´ diplomas, vocational training certificates and academic degrees. Another directive already applicable provides for the recognition of diplomas obtained in any country of the European Union regarding certain professions such as doctors, nurses and architects. Member States will retain powers to check qualifications before allowing individuals to practise. Recognition of higher education diplomas Adopted by EP: 11. 5. 2005 (codecision) Fully applicable from: 20. 10. 2007 More money for Erasmus students MEPs have ensured more EU money to facilitate studying in another Member State: On 1 January 2007, grants to Erasmus students went up from €150 to €200 a month. Erasmus is one of the programmes financed by the European Union. Other strands of the EU's Lifelong Learning Programme, running from 2007-2013 are the Leonardo training programme and the Comenius school exchange programme. The funding for all of these got the green light from the European Parliament in October 2006. Lifelong Learning programmes including Erasmus adopted 25.10.2006 New rules for TV content The new rules on audiovisual services adopted by the European Parliament established that not only television broadcasters, but also on-demand services like web-tv, should promote European programmes. The new legislation updates the TV without Frontiers Directive which allowed Member States to guarantee free access to events of major national importance (these are usually sports events, but can also mean culture in its broadest sense, including music festivals or royal weddings). The legislation also updates rules on advertising and product placement, and does not allow the sponsoring of news and current affairs programmes. Adopted in EP 29.11.2007 Implementation in Member states by 19.12. 2009 Non-legislative Proposals for university reform In a report on the Bologna Process, which aims to create a European Higher Education Area by 2010, MEPs argued for a more