and from the third countries. Amendment 11 Proposal for a directive Recital 16 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (16b) As a general principle, the identity of the recipient(s) should not be disclosed to the donor or the donor's family or vice versa, without prejudice to legislation in force in Member States which , under specific conditions , might allow such information to be made available to donor or donors' families and organ recipients with the consent of both parties. Justification The maintenance of anonymity between donor and recipient initially placed in recital 16 of the original proposal is better to be explained in a new specific recital. This would clarify that this principle of anonymity is not referred to a procedure to ensure data protection, since this last one would be in contradiction with the traceability. Amendment 12 Proposal for a directive Recital 16 c (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (16c) Combating organ trafficking should not remain the responsibility of the Union alone. Member States should also take measures to that end, including reducing demand, promoting organ donation more effectively, maintaining strict legislation with regard to live donors, guaranteeing transparency of national registers and waiting lists, establishing the legal responsibility of the medical profession for tracking irregularities, and sharing information. Amendment 13 Proposal for a directive Recital 17 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (17) Article 8 of Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data 13 prohibits in principle the processing of data concerning health. Limited exemptions to this prohibition principle are laid down. Directive 95/46/EC also requires the controller to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access and against all other unlawful forms of processing. (17) Article 8 of Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data 13 prohibits in principle the processing of data concerning health. Limited exemptions to this prohibition are laid down. Directive 95/46/EC also requires the controller to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect personal data against