Daily Notebook ACP : 23-11-2004 European Parliament Editor: Richard Freedman Secretariat: Sarah Donohoe The Hague, Netherlands: Netherlands Congress Centre Tel. : (31) 70. 306.6379 Fax : (32) 70.306.5822 e-mail: deve-presse@europarl.eu.int Internet: http://www.europarl.ep.ec/intcoop/acp/ Close: 1pm, Tuesday, 23 November 2004 Economic Development, Finance and Trade European Development Fund Report by David MATONGO (Zambia) and Thierry CORNILLET (ALDE, France) on budgetisation of the European Development Fund Debate: 23.11.200 4 Thierry CORNILLET (ALDE, FR) stated that the two co-rapporteurs had worked together to draw up a new report to be ready for the next session. The EU side, he said, should accept the ACP's concerns, but, he underlined, the European Parliament was the " best ally " of the ACP countries and would work together to achieve the Cotonou objectives. After 50 years of development assistance, it was now time to review the financial instruments. It is important, he said, to increase parliamentary scrutiny and the only way to achieve this was through budgetisation of the EDF. He understood the concerns of ACP countries in terms of the amount of money allocated after budgetisation and the necessity for flexible financing, but, he stressed, that the annuality of the EU budget would not mean a reduction in the amount of funds. Given the enlargement of the EU to 25 countries, it would be difficult to maintain the current set-up where each national government decides on their contributions but nothing is decided unless there is an unanimous decision. David MATONGO (Zambia) welcomed the progress made with his fellow rapporteur. He also agreed that the EU was the " best ally " of the ACP countries. However, given the record of IMF and World Bank programmes in some developing countries, he was concerned about another international organisation being involved. He stated that the ACP-EU relationship was like a marriage and the relationship should not be taken for granted. He understood the tacit guarantees made by the EU vis-à-vis budgetisation but he stressed that it would be necessary also to reward good performance in developing countries. Assarid Ag IMBARACAOUANE (Mali) stated that budgetisation was the " the devil incarnate ". It is, he said, very important to scrutinise budgets and, he stated, the European Parliament in its current format would be the right body to carry out such scrutiny. He was also concerned about increasing the absorption capacity of developing countries and increasing the flow of funding. Nirj