to Parliament and the Council ( COM(2004)0621 ) Not yet published in OJ. , – having regard to the amended Commission proposal ( COM(2004)0621 /2) Not yet published in OJ. , – having regard to Article 251(2) of the EC Treaty, – having regard to Rule 62 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the recommendation for second reading of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety ( A6‑0288/2006 ), 1. Approves the common position as amended; 2. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council and Commission. Council common position Amendments by Parliament Amendment 1 Recital 1 (1) Environmental protection is one of the key objectives set out in the declarations on the guiding principles for sustainable development that the European Council has adopted . It is a priority for Community co‑financing and should be funded primarily through the Community's horizontal financial instruments, including the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund, the Cohesion Fund, the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, the Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme, the European Fisheries Fund and the seventh Research Framework Programme. (1) Environmental protection is one of the key dimensions of sustainable development of the European Union . It is a priority for Community co-financing and should be funded primarily through the Community's horizontal financial instruments, including the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund, the Cohesion Fund, the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, the Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme, the European Fisheries Fund and the seventh Research Framework Programme. Justification Sustainable development objective is set in the Treaties, rather than in the European Council conclusions. It is, therefore, more appropriate to refer to the principle in a general way. Amendment 2 Recital 4 (4) Measures and projects financed under LIFE+ should meet eligibility criteria to secure the best possible use of Community funds. In particular, for that part of the budget subject to delegated management, measures and projects should meet additional eligibility criteria to ensure European added value and to avoid financing recurring activities, such as day ‑to ‑day operations . (4) Measures and projects financed under LIFE+ should meet eligibility criteria to secure the best possible use of Community funds. Measures and projects should meet additional eligibility criteria to ensure European added value and to avoid financing recurring activities, except where such activities have clear demonstration value or a start-up