the co-management principle and decentralisation of the CFP, N. having regard to the insecurity affecting incomes and wages in the sector, arising from its marketing practices and price formation methods at initial sale and the irregular nature of the activity, O. whereas the inshore fisheries sector is also affected by the increase in variable costs, together with the high instability of fuel prices, P. whereas there is increasing tension and competition for resources between inshore fishermen, who fish for a livelihood, and recreational fishing, and whereas this is a problem that needs to be addressed, Q. whereas it is necessary to ensure that inshore fishing techniques also contribute to improved environmental protection and sustainable development of the fisheries sector, R. having regard to the need to encourage professional training for inshore fishermen, 1. Stresses that inshore fisheries make a vital contribution not only to local economies but also to maintaining the social fabric of coastal communities, given that they contribute more jobs per amount of fish caught than other segments of the fleets, particularly in island or remote coastal areas; 2. Believes that inshore fishing activity is essential for the preservation of cultural traditions and practices, ensuring not only the protection of cultural diversity in the regions concerned but also the very survival of entire coastal communities; believes furthermore that these traditions and practices must be preserved; 3. Recognises that inshore fisheries can and must play a constructive role in the protection and conservation of the coastal marine environment; 4. Realises, however, that if the capacity of the inshore fleets is too great, they could also contribute to resource depletion; 5. Takes the view that, as part of regional policy, the Member States should apply common mechanisms to protect inshore fishing, with a view to ensuring its ability to continue, and should make the achievement of objectives and the implementation of specific provisions dependent on natural conditions in inshore zones and on resource protection; inshore zones are areas where many species of fish, including industrial fish, spawn and where juvenile fish are reared; 6. Believes, however, that there is a need for continuing research on the role and impact of inshore fisheries, with a view to ensuring, as with all fishing activities, that they are kept at a sustainable level; 7. Considers that specific research is required into the issue of the protection of fishing within three nautical miles of