or to issue or otherwise provide a ticket on the grounds referred to in paragraph 1, carriers, travel agents and tour operators shall make reasonable efforts to inform the person concerned about an acceptable alternative service operated by the carrier. (2) In the event of a refusal to accept a reservation or to issue or otherwise provide a ticket on the grounds referred to in paragraph 1, carriers, travel agents and tour operators shall inform the person concerned about an acceptable alternative service operated by the carrier. Justification Since the article refers to alternative services performed by the same carrier, information should be easily available and simple to provide. Amendment 27 Council position – amending act Article 10 - paragraph 4 Council position Amendment 4. Under the same conditions set out in paragraph 1(a), a carrier, travel agent or tour operator may require that a disabled person or person with reduced mobility be accompanied by another person who is capable of providing the assistance required by the disabled person or person with reduced mobility, if this is strictly necessary . Such an accompanying person shall be transported free of charge and, where feasible, seated next to the disabled person or person with reduced mobility. 4. If a carrier, travel agent or tour operator refuses to accept a reservation from, to issue or otherwise provide a ticket to or to take on board a person on the grounds of disability or of reduced mobility for th e reasons set out in paragraph 1 or if the crew of the vehicle concerned consists only of one person who drives the vehicle and who is not in a position to provide the disabled person or the person with reduced mobility with all the assistance as specified in Annex I b , a disabled person or person with reduced mobility may request to be accompanied by another person who is capable of providing the assistance required by the disabled person or person with reduced mobility. Such an accompanying person shall be transported free of charge and, where feasible, seated next to the disabled person or person with reduced mobility. Justification If a disabled person or a PRM is refused to access on his or her own because of his disability or reduced mobility, he or she should have the right to be accompanied by another person. The same holds true for cases where the