retable such motions either for consideration in committee under Rule 120 or for the debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law at the next part-session. A subject may not be included on the agenda for a debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law if it is already on the agenda for that part-session. There are no provisions in the Rules to allow a joint debate on a motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with paragraph 2, second subparagraph, and a committee report on the same subject. When a request is made under Rule 155(3) that it be established whether a quorum is present, this request shall be valid only for the motion for a resolution which is to be put to the vote and not for those which follow. Rule 123 Written declarations 1. Up to five Members may submit a written declaration of not more than 200 words on a matter falling within the competence of the European Union which does not cover issues that are the subject of an ongoing legislative process. Authorisation shall be given by the President on a case-by-case basis. Written declarations shall be printed in the official languages and distributed. They shall be entered with the names of the signatories, in a register. This register shall be public and shall be kept outside the entrance to the Chamber during part-sessions and in an appropriate location, to be determined by the College of Quaestors, between part-sessions. The contents of a written declaration may not go beyond the form of a declaration and may not, in particular, contain any decision on matters for which specific procedures and competences are laid down in these Rules of Procedure. 2. The signature of any Member may be added to a declaration entered in the register. 3. Where a declaration is signed by a majority of Parliament's component Members, the President shall notify Parliament accordingly and publish the names of the signatories in the minutes and the declaration as a text adopted. 4. The procedure shall be closed by the forwarding to the addressees, at the end of the part-session, of the declaration, together with the names of the signatories. 5. A written declaration that has remained in the register for over three months and has not been signed by at least one half of