Answer given by Mr Dimas on behalf of the Commission (29 August 2005) The infringement procedure mentioned regards the application of Council Directive 85/337/EEC of 27 June 1985 on the assessment of the effects of certain public and private projects on the environment OJ L 175, 5.7.1985 . , as amended by Directive 97/11/EC OJ L 73, 14.3.1997 . . According to this directive, Member States are obliged to ensure that, before consent is given, projects likely to have significant effects on the environment by virtue, inter alia , of their nature, size or location, are made subject to a requirement for development consent and an assessment with regard to their effects. Projects covered by the directive are identified in the annexes to the directive. Projects listed in Annex I are made subject to an environmental impact assessment procedure. Under Article 4, paragraph 2, for projects listed in Annex II, Member States are obliged to determine through a case-by-case examination, or by setting criteria or thresholds, whether a project is to be made subject to an environmental impact assessment procedure (screening procedure). However, the abovementioned infringement procedure does not cover a project for the third runway of the Malpensa airport. The procedure concerns the completion of the third satellite and of the third part of the central body of the passenger terminal. On the basis of the information currently available to the Commission, a project for the third runway of the Malpensa airport does not exist. The Italian authorities have communicated that, should such a project be submitted for development consent, it will be made the subject of a full environmental impact assessment (EIA) procedure. As regards the other works mentioned, on the basis of the elements the Commission possesses to date, it considers that they do not require an EIA or a screening procedure under Directive 85/337/EEC, as amended. Italy replied to the additional letter of formal notice sent by the Commission. This reply is under assessment by the Commission in the framework of the abovementioned infringement procedure. The Commission will act in order to ensure the observance of Community law in the light of the power conferred to it according to Article 226 of the EC Treaty.