lead to the disqualification of a Member from holding office, the President shall ask them to keep him regularly informed of the stage reached in the procedure and shall refer the matter to the committee responsible. On a proposal from that committee, Parliament may adopt a position on the matter. Rule 4 Term of office of Members 1. A Member's term of office shall begin and end as laid down in the Act of 20 September 1976. It shall also end on death or resignation. 2. Every Member shall remain in office until the opening of the first sitting of Parliament following the elections. 3. Members who resign shall notify the President of their resignation and of the date on which that resignation is to take effect, which may not be more than three months after notification. This notification shall take the form of an official record drawn up in the presence of the Secretary-General or his representative, signed by the latter and by the Member concerned and immediately submitted to the committee responsible, which shall enter it on the agenda of its first meeting following receipt of the document. If the committee responsible considers that the resignation is not in accordance with the spirit or the letter of the Act of 20 September 1976 it shall inform Parliament to this effect so that Parliament can decide whether or not to establish the vacancy. Otherwise, the vacancy shall be established with effect from the date indicated by the resigning Member in the official record. There shall be no vote in Parliament on the subject. A simplified procedure has been introduced for certain exceptional circumstances, in particular where one or more part-sessions are held between the effective date of the resignation and the fir s t meeting of the committee responsible and where, as the vacancy has not been established, the politica l group to which the resigning Member belongs is not able to obtain a replacement Member during those part-sessions. Under this procedure, the rapporte u r of the committee responsible entrusted with these cases has the power to examine immediately any resi gnation duly notified and, where any delay in considering the notification would be prejudicial, to refer the matter to the committee chair, requesting, pursuant to paragraph 3: - either that the President be informed on behalf of the committee that the va cancy may be established; or