Answer given by Mr Barnier on behalf of the Commission (8 December 2010) It is true that the studies mentioned have failed to find a correlation between speculation and the prices of raw materials. The Honourable Member is right in saying that the prices of these raw materials have recently been influenced by weather conditions. Moreover, it is recognised that a certain degree of price volatility is an inherent feature of open markets. Nevertheless, the increasing financialisation of these markets cannot be disputed. For this reason the Commission will propose to strengthen the regulation and financial supervision of these markets in order to address this trend. It is crucial that these markets continue to serve the real economy and to fulfil their initial role as hedging and price discovery tools. While strenghtening financial regulation and supervision will not change the impact of adverse weather conditions on agricultural commodity prices, it will help to make market conditions more transparent. To this end, it is necessary to strengthen both the regulation of commodity derivatives markets and the transparency of physical markets. Strengthening European regulation of markets in commodity derivatives and related instruments comprises several mutually supportive measures which include, principally, the following: — the proposal for a Regulation adopted by the Commission on 15 September 2010 Proposal for a Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories, COM(2010)484/5. with a view to improving the security and transparency of markets in OTC derivatives, including commodity derivatives; — the revision of the Market Abuse Directive (‘MAD’) at the beginning of 2011 will help to ensure better coverage of these markets by taking their specific characteristics into account; — the revision of the Market in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID), planned for spring 2011, will have the objective of improving the transparency of derivatives transactions, including commodity derivatives. This revision will also increase supervision of these markets by extending the powers and tools at the disposal of national regulators, such as probably the power to impose position limits; — the creation of the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 1 January 2011 will help to ensure that the technical rules applicable to commodity derivatives markets are consistent, and to strengthen cooperation with sectoral regulators. All of these measures will play a part in increasing the transparency, efficiency and integrity of these markets. The financial regulators will