in Article 23(2) . 2. The operational working methods of the Agency for conducting the inspections referred to in paragraph 1 shall be subject to requirements to be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 23(1) . Amendment 56 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 3 – paragraph 3 3. Where appropriate, and in any case when a cycle of inspections is concluded, the Agency shall analyse reports from that cycle with a view to identifying horizontal findings and general conclusions on the effectiveness of the measures in place. The Agency shall present this analysis to the Commission for further discussion with Member States. 3. Where appropriate, and in any case when a cycle of inspections is concluded, the Agency shall analyse reports from that cycle with a view to identifying horizontal findings and general conclusions on the effectiveness and cost-efficiency of the measures in place. The Agency shall present this analysis to the Commission for further discussion with Member States , and shall make it available to the public in an easily accessible format, including in electronic form . Amendment 57 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 2 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 5 – paragraph 3 3. At the request of the Commission, the Administrative Board may decide, with the agreement of the Member States concerned, to establish the regional centres necessary in order to carry out the Agency's tasks in the most efficient and effective way. 3. At the request of the Commission, the Administrative Board may decide, with the agreement and cooperation of the Member States concerned, to establish the regional centres necessary in order to carry out the Agency's tasks in the most efficient and effective way, enhancing cooperation with existing regional and national networks already engaged in prevention measures . and by defining the precise scope of activities of the regional centre while avoiding unnecessary financial costs . Amendment 58 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 3 - point - a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 10 – paragraph 2 – point b (-a) point b shall be replaced by the following: ‘(b) adopt the annual report on the Agency's activities and forward it by 15 June at the latest to the European Parliament, the Council, the Commission, the