tackle the specific road safety challenges which Europe faces. The report comes to the conclusion that the health sector should play a greater role in road safety, and that the issue of speed limits on roads must be made a priority. All political leaders should redouble their efforts and see what they can do to improve protection for our citizens on the roads through national measures. There is also a need for more creative decision-making, seeking to devise policies which facilitate changes, whether via the market or through the purchasing decisions of public authorities. The Commission, which is the EU institution with the right of initiative under the Treaty, must take its own responsibility by devising proposals for measures which Parliament and the Commission can then debate and adopt. The Commission should also evaluate the European Road Safety Charter. In that context, opportunities should be created for the cross-border prosecution of traffic offences. If a citizen of one country breaks the law of another country, it is important that they should be able to be sentenced and that the consequences of their offence – such as the withdrawal of their driving licence – should follow them across borders with other Member States. One way to go might be the introduction of a points system applicable to offences throughout the whole EU. 3. Priority areas for action To improve road safety there is a need for measures in each of the three “road safety areas”: training, quality of the vehicles on the road and quality of the road infrastructure they use. The measures also should complement each other, both within each road safety area and in the context of other policy measures and objectives, as well as in terms of environmental protection and the Lisbon Strategy. This calls for an integrated strategy. It is now equally important to achieve the objectives set, so rapid measures are now needed within the areas in which major progress in road safety is most likely to be achieved. It is these measures which now need to be prioritised. One important measure is for the European Road Safety Agency to be given a clear legal basis for its work. The application of good practice in the enforcement of traffic legislation should therefore also be a special priority, particularly as regards speed limits, drink-driving and the use of seat belts. Currently we have European legislation which states,