Union's human rights policy (2002/2011(INI)) Doc.: A5-0274/2003 Procedure : Own-initiative Debate : 03.09.2003 Vote: 04.09.2003 Parliament adopted a non-binding resolution on the situation of human rights in the world. The need for the European Union to set an example by conducting a more consistent policy to combat human rights violations is more urgent than ever. There is no lack of formally agreed ambitions but in practice national interests often gain the upper hand and prevent the EU acting more forcefully. This was one of the key points of a report by Bob van den BOS (ELDR, NL) which reviews human rights around the world in 2002. The House strongly condemns the attack on the UN headquarters in Baghdad on 19 August 2003, killing 20 people including the UN High Commissioner on Human Rights and UN Special Representative in Iraq, Sergio Vieira de Mello. MEPs emphasise that this constitutes a war crime and that those responsible must be identified and brought to justice. The report first describes how the EU must strengthen its human rights policy to make it more coherent and effective. Parliament calls for firm application of the human rights clauses included in cooperation and association agreements with non-EU countries. MEPs say that enforcing these clauses requires, above all, political will on the part of the EU Member States, but clear mechanisms are also needed to keep up the pressure to improve human rights in the countries concerned. However, MEPs complain that it is not involved in the decision-making process leading to consultations or the suspension of an agreement. It wants the Council to involve MEPs more in these matters. Political dialogue The House underlines the importance of engaging in genuine political dialogue with non-EU countries and of integrating human rights into the EU's external policies. MEPs call for the EU to play a more vigorous role at the UN Human Rights Commission (UNHRC) but they believe that the standing of this body is suffering from growing politicisation. The House believes the UNHRC's debates and resolutions do not reflect the real human rights situation but the degree of support for countries accused of human rights violations. MEPs are disappointed that the EU did not sponsor a resolution on China or Iran at the 59th session of the UNHRC. In addition, in 2002 and 2003 the UNHRC rejected resolutions on Chechnya and Zimbabwe. The report says that "human rights dialogues…