is the increasing number of linkages between systems. This trend is expected to continue and possibly even to accelerate due to the introduction of the Code, adopted by providers of central market infrastructure services on 7 November 2006. The aim of the Code is to improve the efficiency of European clearing and settlement systems by making the user choices enshrined by Articles 34 and 46 of MiFID a real option rather than just a possibility. The general principles contained in Chapter IV of the Code and the detailed rules featured in the Access and Interoperability Guideline presented by providers of infrastructure services in June 2007 enable user choice of service provider by making it easier for systems to set up links, i.e. gain access to and become interoperable with systems in foreign markets. To ensure that the objectives of the SFD are upheld in this new situation, the proposal adapts the SFD to this new market place which is characterised by an increased number of links. The two Directives on Settlement Finality and Financial Collateral Arrangements are the main Community instruments in the area of financial collateral, clearing and settlement. The rapporteur is of the opinion that the proposed changes are in line with the spirit and the provisions of the MiFID and with specific provisions on solvency ratios in the Capital Requirements Directives. Some provisions of Directive 2001/24/EC on the winding-up of credit institutions and Regulation 1346/2000 on insolvency also have a bearing on collateral arrangements. Recognising that the lack of EU framework for dealing with interests in securities held by intermediaries may constitute a potential legal risk in cross-border transactions, the Legal Certainty Group was set up by the European Commission in January 2005 to advice on the appropriate legal framework. The final report of the Group is due by the end of 2008 and should complement the Financial Collateral Arrangements Directive and the Settlement Finality Directive and the changes envisaged in this proposal. Simultaneously, at the international level, UNIDROIT intends to convene a Diplomatic Conference in September 2008 with a view to arriving at a convention on substantive rules regarding intermediated securities. The provisions in the draft convention are in part modelled on the Financial Collateral Arrangements Directive and Settlement Finality Directive and should not give rise to any problems of incompatibility. Furthermore, the provisions relating to credit claims are in line with the new provisions of