being immersed in the solution. The titration rate should not exceed 2 ml/min. The endpoint is the intersection of the tangents to the two branches of the potential curve. It will be observed occasionally that the inflection in the potential curve becomes flattened; this can be eliminated by carefully cleaning the platinum electrode (by polishing with emery paper). 3.3.5. Blank determinations At the same time run a blank determination through the whole procedure with 5 ml methanol and 40 ml water, according to the instructions in 3.3.2. The blank titration should be below 1 ml, otherwise the purity of the reagents (3.2.3, 3.2.7, 3.2.8, 3.2.9, 3.2.10) is suspect, especially their content of heavy metals, and they must be replaced. The blank must be taken into account in the calculation of the results. 3.3.6. Control of the factor of the "carbate solution" Determine the factor for the carbate solution on the day of use. To do this, titrate 10 ml of the copper sulphate solution (3.2.12) with "carbate solution" after the addition of 100 ml water and 10 ml standard acetate buffer (3.2.10). If the amount used is a ml, the factor f is: f = and all the results of the titration are multiplied by this factor. 3.4. Calculation of results Every non-ionic surfactant has its own factor, depending on its composition, particularly on the length of the alkene oxide chain. The concentration of non-ionic surfactant is expressed in relation to a standard substance – a nonyl phenol with ten ethylene oxide units (NP 10) – for which the conversion factor is 0 , 054. Using this factor the amount of surfactant present in the sample is found expressed as mg of NP 10 equivalent, as follows: (b – c) xfx 0,054 = mg non-ionic surfactant as NP 10 where: b = volume of "carbate solution" used by the sample (ml), c = volume of "carbate solution" used by the blank (ml), f = factor of the "carbate solution". 3.5 Expression of results Express the results in mg/l as NP 10 to the nearest 0 , 1. 4. Preliminary treatment of anionic surfactants to be tested 4.1. Preliminary notes 4.1.1. Treatment of samples The treatment of anionic surface-active agents and formulated detergents prior to the determination of primary biodegradability in the confirmatory test is: Products Treatment Anionic surfactants None Formulated detergents Alcoholic extraction followed by separation of the anionic surfactants