: 03.12.2003 Sir Neil MacCORMICK (Greens/EFA, Scotland), for the Constitutional Affairs Committee, will be tabling a draft own-initiative resolution drawn up by in response to the Commission paper on tripartite contracts and agreements between the Community, the States and regional and local authorities. MEPs urge the Commission to press ahead with its pilot programme and say that the cases involved should be of a sufficient range and number to provide a proper test of this method for achieving flexibility in implementing legislation. The Commission should also ensure that the programme is properly monitored and that Parliament is provided with full information enabling it to carry out its own evaluation. The committee says that tripartite contracts or agreements should be used only for genuinely unusual cases and conditions. When they are used, moreover, the political responsibility must remain clearly recognisable to citizens. The committee points out that responsibility for implementing Community law ultimately lies with the Member States and that the latter may under no circumstances deflect responsibility for failure to comply with such law onto the regional or local authorities. MEPs in the committee also recommend that agreements and contracts should set detailed targets, be of fixed duration and specify the results to be achieved by the end of the period laid down. Lastly, they approve of the Commission's plan to restrict itself, in the first instance, to launching pilot tripartite agreements and say that, once it has assessed them and drawn relevant conclusions, the Commission should submit a report to Parliament on the functioning of the agreements and the way in which they have helped to improve the implementation and transparency of Community policies. Justice and Home Affairs Asylum and migration: programme for financial and technical assistance to third countries Giacomo SANTINI (EPP-ED, I) Report on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council regulation establishing a programme for financial and technical assistance to third countries in the area of migration and asylum ( COM(2003) 355 – C5-0267/2003 – 2003/0124(COD)) Doc.: A5-0405/2003 Procedure : Codecision (1st reading) Vote : 04.12.2003 The European Commission proposes a multi-annual programme (2004-2008) for financial and technical assistance to third countries in the area of migration and asylum. A total amount of €250m will be made available for the whole period. Rapporteur Giacomo SANTINI (EPP-ED, I) for the Justice and Home Affairs Committee is tabling an amendment stating that the programme will, particularly but