involved in all stages of the chain from donation to transplantation or disposal as well as subsequent treatment and recovery after transplantation . They shall ensure that special protocols are created governing procedures for operative and post-operative stages under the responsibility of the respective operating teams, specialist pathologists and specialists in other necessary fields ; Justification Η διαδικασία της μεταμόσχευσης δεν τελειώνει όταν ο ασθενής έχει δεχθεί ένα μόσχευμα στην εγχείρηση μεταμόσχευσης. Η μετεγχειρητική περίοδος ανάρρωσης και θεραπείας με θεραπευτικές αγωγές για την πρόληψη της απόρριψης είναι εξίσου απαραίτητη για την επιτυχία της μεταμόσχευσης στον ασθενή. Το γεγονός αυτό δεν πρέπει να παραβλέπεται, εφόσον έχει καίρια σημασία για την επιτυχία της μεταμόσχευσης και τη βελτίωση της υγείας του ασθενούς. Το εθνικό κέντρο μεταμοσχεύσεων θα πρέπει, συνεπώς, να καθοδηγεί τις νοσοκομειακές μονάδες σε θέματα παρακολούθησης ασθενών μετά από μεταμόσχευση. Τα ειδικά πρωτόκολλα θα διευκολύνουν τη λειτουργία των μεταμοσχευτικών κέντρων και τη διαφάνεια των διαδικασιών . Amendment 83 Proposal for a directive Article 18 - paragraph 2 - point f a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment ( fa) collect relevant post-transplant at ion outcome data in order to allow comparable asse s sment of quality and safety of organ transplantation , which will serve to further improve the transplantation process at European level. Justification Although almost all European countries have already developed a registry that collects information on all aspects of the transplantation process, comparisons between the European registries is hampered by the lack in harmonization of definitions of terms used in organ transplantation, procedures for the collection of data on transplantation activity, and techniques for the evaluation of post-transplant outcome. This amendment calls on more cooperation. Amendment 84 Proposal for a directive Article 18 - paragraph 3 (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment The competent authorities of each Member State may delegate the implementation of the measures referred to in the second paragraph to recogni s ed organisations dedicated to carrying out such measures . Justification This paragraph might be of help for MS using those types of organizations. Amendment 85 Proposal for a directive Article 19 – paragraph 1 – introductory part Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall ensure that the competent authority : 1. Member States shall ensure that the competent bodies, organisations or institutions : Justification This is intended as clarification, taking into account the various national models for organising health