procedure ensuring adequate publication of the application and providing for a reasonable period in which any legitimately concerned individual established on its territory may lodge an objection to the application. 5. When undertaking the scrutiny referred to in the second subparagraph of paragraph 4, Member States shall introduce a national objection procedure ensuring adequate publication of the application and providing for a period of 3 months within which any legitimately concerned individual established on its territory may lodge an objection to the application. Amendment 17 Article 7, paragraph 7, subparagraph 1 a (new) Where that information proves insufficient, the Commission shall be entitled to demand from the group in a third country all the relevant supplementary information, including proof of compatibility with Community standards in the field of environmental protection, food and animal feeds hygiene, animal welfare and worker protection. Amendment 8 Article 8, paragraph 1, subparagraph 1 1. The Commission shall scrutinise the application in order to check that it is justified and meets the conditions laid down in this Regulation. 1. Within a period of four months of receipt, the Commission shall scrutinise the application in order to check that it is justified and meets the conditions laid down in this Regulation. Amendment 9 Article 8, paragraph 2, subparagraph 1 2. Where the conditions of this Regulation appear to be met, the Commission shall publish in the Official Journal of the European Union the product specification referred to in Article 6, and the details of the applicant group and of the inspection structure(s) laid down in Article 15. 2. Where the conditions of this Regulation appear to be met and within a period of no longer than six months from the date of receipt of the application referred to in Article 7(6) , the Commission shall publish in the Official Journal of the European Union the product specification referred to in Article 6, and the details of the applicant group and of the inspection structure(s) laid down in Article 15. Amendment 10 Article 9, paragraph 4, subparagraph 2 The registration shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union . The registration shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and on the Internet and shall include the publication details of the product specification referred to in the first subparagraph of Article 8(2) . Amendment 11 Article 12, paragraph 2 2. Where reference