are relevant in particular to monopoly situations. Amendment 6 Recital 11 (11) Since ports are made up of limited geographical areas, access to the market may, in certain cases , meet capacity and available-space constraints and traffic-related safety constraints for technical-nautical services . In such cases it may therefore be necessary to limit the number of authorised providers of port services. (11) Since ports are made up of limited geographical areas, access to the market may, in certain cases, on grounds of economic efficiency inter alia, be restricted in number on the basis of capacity and available-space constraints, traffic-related safety constraints , public service obligations of the service provider or of the managing body of the port, local, national or international environmental regulations, or the specific or substantiated economic needs of the port or the managing body of the port . In such cases it may therefore be necessary to limit the number of authorised providers of port services. Amendment 7 Recital 12 (12) The criteria for any limitation must be objective, transparent, non-discriminatory, relevant and proportional . In the case of cargo handling, and unless exceptional circumstances prevail, the number of service providers for each category of cargo handling must not be limited to fewer than two completely independent providers. (12) The criteria for any limitation must be objective, transparent, non-discriminatory, relevant and proportionate . Amendment 57 Recital 13 (13) Service providers should have the right to employ personnel of their own choice. (13) Service providers should have the right to employ personnel of their own choice , provided the relevant national provisions on training, expertise and working conditions are complied with . Amendment 9 Recital 18 (18) Commission Directive 2000/52/EC of 26 July 2000 lays down, for a certain number of undertakings, the obligation to maintain separate accounts which only applies to undertakings whose total annual turnover for each of the last two years exceeded EUR 40 million. In the light of the introduction of the freedom to provide port services in the Community, it is necessary to ensure that the principle of separation of accounts applies to all ports falling within the scope of the present Directive and to impose on ports transparency rules that are not less strict than those laid down in the Commission Directive 2000/52/EC . (18) Commission Directive 2000/52/EC of 26 July 2000 amending Directive 80/723/EEC on the transparency of financial relations between