safety. The competent authority must: 1. Member States may only limit the number of providers of port services for reasons of constraints relating to available space or capacity, to the safety of shipping in the port and the adjacent waters, to safe landing, and to compliance with local, national or international environmental regulations . The competent authority must: Amendment 26 Article 7, paragraph 2 2. Where constraints relating to available space or capacity exist and, for as long as there are no exceptional circumstances in relation to the volume of traffic and categories of cargoes, the competent authority shall authorise at least two service providers for each category of cargo, which shall be completely independent of each other. Deleted Amendment 27 Article 7, paragraph 3 3. Where the competent authority deciding on limitations in relation to the port in question is the managing body of that port and where the managing body itself or a service provider over which it has direct or indirect control or is involved in, is, or wishes to become, also a service provider in that port, Member States shall designate a different competent authority and entrust it with the decision, or approval of a decision, on limitations. This newly designated competent authority must be independent of the managing body of the port in question and must not: 3. Where the competent authority deciding on limitations in relation to the port in question is the managing body of that port and where the managing body itself or a service provider over which it has direct or indirect control or is involved in, is, or wishes to become, also a service provider in that port, Member States shall designate - where the service in question is the same or comparable - another body, which they will entrust with supervising the decision-making and approval of decision-making concerning any restrictions. National anti-trust organisations would seem to be the most appropriate for this purpose. (a) provide port services similar to those provided by any of the service providers in the port in question; and (b) have any direct or indirect control over, or be involved in, any of the service providers in the port in question. Amendment 28 Article 8, paragraph 1 1. Where the number of providers of port services has been limited in application of Article 7, the competent authority shall take the necessary measures to ensure a