the whole network . That must include cross-border as well as national transport services, for national passenger services at a later date. The provision of cross-border passenger transport services should also include the right to pick up passengers from any point between the places of departure and final destination. Justification In order to achieve the objectives set out in the Commission White Paper on European transport policy for 2010 of a balanced relationship between transport operators al well as optimum use of infrastructures, the opening up of the whole railway network should be extended to passenger transport as soon as possible. In order to extend creation of the internal market effectively to passenger transport, railway undertakings must be given access to the market in providing not only cross-border but also national services. Amendment 3 Recital 5b (new) (5b) To ensure efficient use of rail transport persons other than authorised railway undertakings should be granted the right to apply for the allocation of railway infrastructure capacity. Directive 2001/14/EC should be amended accordingly. Justification To ensure optimum use of infrastructures, it is appropriate that, in addition to established railway undertakings, other parties with an interest in railway services, in particular shippers and carriers, should be granted rights enabling them to make their own use of the railway market. Amendment 4 ARTICLE 1, SOLE PARAGRAPH 3 Article 10, Paragraph 2 (Directive 91/440/EWG) “2. Railway undertakings within the scope of Article 2 shall be granted, on equitable conditions, access to the infrastructure in all Member States for the purpose of operating rail freight services and combined transport goods services.” “2. Railway undertakings within the scope of Article 2 shall be granted, on equitable conditions, access to the infrastructure in all Member States for the purpose of operating rail freight services , combined transport goods services , cross-border rail passenger services and in any event not later than 1 January 2008 national rail passenger services. That shall include the right of railway undertakings and other applicants in accordance with Article 2 (b) of Directive 2001/14/EC to schedule their own train paths .” Justification With the amendment in the first sentence the right of access to the whole network is extended comprehensively to rail passenger services; see justification to Amendment 2. The new second sentence makes it clear that the right of access to the network must necessarily entail the right to apply for and be