the committee, be considered from the outset, hand-in-hand with the immediate requirement of slaughtering livestock on infected farms and known dangerous contacts. Moreover, it believes EU institutions should "be in a position to play an essential role in the determination of the strategy for controlling FMD". The 120-paragraph draft resolution, drawn up by German Socialist MEP Wolfgang KREISSL-DÖRFLER , advocates a shift in emphasis in EU policy away from purely commercial considerations. Animal welfare concerns and the social and psychological impact on the community at large of outbreaks like the ones seen last year must be factored in. The report notes that "mass culling of livestock and the subsequent destruction of meat resulted in widespread public protests" and states that "mass culling on the scale seen in the UK and the Netherlands will not be publicly acceptable again and that alternative control strategies are therefore essential". Trade policy should, says the committee, be altered to prevent discrimination against products from vaccinated livestock and compensation must in future be paid for the losses suffered by other sectors, in addition to farming, such as tourism. The committee wants the system of compensation for losses arising from FMD to be decided at European level in future and to apply to all Member States. It is asking the Commission to consider the options of an insurance scheme or a guarantee fund in future to cover part of the costs for FMD and other livestock diseases borne by the EU budget. Whilst the committee's overriding aim has been to issue new EU policy recommendations designed to prevent a foot and mouth epidemic from ever occurring again, its remit includes the examination of the management of the crisis in the Member States affected. It states that bureaucracy, delays in decision-making and the lack of effective contingency plans caused problems in the UK. In the Netherlands, it says, time was lost in tackling the crisis at regional level, capacity was at times insufficient to carry out the control measures and not enough attention was paid to the views of the people affected in the regions concerned. Conciliation Agreement Human Blood and Blood Components Giuseppe NISTICO (EPP-ED, I) Report on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a European Parliament and Council directive setting standards of quality and safety for the collection, testing, processing, storage and distribution of human blood and blood components and amending Directive