that "the price of setting up such a network in a given country or a continent is equivalent to only 6 days of its costs on gasoline". He also urged Europe's legislators to move faster in this area, because China "is already in its rear view mirror and about to overtake", thanks to "centralised decision-making and large economies of scale". "Anthropocene": the geological epoch of mankind Winner of the 1995 Nobel Prize for chemistry, Dr Paul Crutzen of the Max Planck Institute, listed the effects human development in the 20th century. Population grew fourfold, urban areas tenfold, industrial output 40 times and energy use 16 times. Because of this, manmade emissions of SO 2 are twice the sum of natural ones, while greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have also increased dramatically: CO 2 by 40% and methane by more than 100%, he said. "Mankind opened a new geological epoch with the industrial era: the 'anthropocene' and we are clearly and deliberately affecting the climate with our actions", he said, arguing that "we should reduce CO 2 output by 40% and nitrous oxides by 70 to 80%", through energy savings and increased use of renewable energy sources. Replying to question about the possibility of "geo-engineering" to cool the climate by depositing sulphur, he said that this was not necessary yet, but that the option of doing so should be researched as a matter of urgency. Methanol: an ideal substitute for fossil fuels? Winner of the 1994 Nobel Prize for chemistry Professor George Oláh , gave a video-conference presentation from the University of Sourthern California about the "methanol economy", as a feasible alternative to dependence on oil, natural gas and coal. When burned, those hydrocarbons produce CO 2 which should be captured and used to transform methane into methanol, a very versatile fuel, that can substitute for petrol and diesel, he said. Producing methanol industrially from hydrocarbons takes a lot of energy, but some countries, especially China, India and Indonesia are taking this course because they have large coal reserves, he explained, noting that China alone now produces more methanol than the entire world output in 2008 and plans to build 100 new plants. Professor Oláh advised Europe to make better use of its geothermal sources and off-peak electricity to run methanol production plants, like the experimental one that came on stream in Iceland a year ago. 20101206IPR06452 -//EP//DTD IM-PRESS 20050901 IPR