individual. The first pillar is based on solidarity among taxpayers. In most cases, it is a public pillar, financed by government using a pay-as-you-go system. The second pillar is a shared responsibility of employers and employees, based on joint contributions governed by a legal framework established by the government and the two sides of industry. It is also important to combat illegal work in order to preserve pension systems. The first and second pillars are the basis for an adequate pension system. In this report the rapporteur defines an adequate pension as a minimum pension which is determined by each Member State itself. The third pillar is based on individual contributions. When pension systems are reformed in future, a link will need to be made between the first and the second pillars. These pillars, which in some Member States partially overlap, are closely related to the third pillar. At EU level a strong Open Method of Coordination must ensure that obligations of the first pillar are sustainable and adequate, while the second pillar must be adapted by increasing the role of the two sides of industry. Moreover, as regards the third pillar, the solvency of pension funds must be better regulated. III. Competences Pension systems are primarily the responsibility of the Member States, but in the case of certain aspects coordination at EU level is important: for example for the operation of the internal market, the requirements of the Stability and Growth Pact (SGP) and the EU 2020 Strategy. Other EU instruments provide support for the Member States, such as the Open Method of Coordination (OMC). The impact of pension expenditure on public finances in one Member State may have a serious impact on other Member States. The SGP must therefore be a factor in national policies, particularly in the first pension pillar. Pension funds are an integral part of financial markets. The directive on supplementary pensions (second pillar) falls under the IORP Directive (2003/41/EC on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision). So far, this Directive has not applied to all the pension funds to which it would potentially have been relevant. This has resulted in inequalities of treatment and supervision between pension funds, depending on whether or not they are covered by it. The financial and economic crisis has made it clear how important it is to supervise pension funds at EU level. In this