programmes. Justification These excessively precise details should not be included in the body of the directive. Amendment 47 Proposal for a directive Article 6 - paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall ensure that medical activities in procurement organisations, such as donor selection, are performed under the advice and the supervision of a medical doctor as defined in Directive 2005/36/EC. 1. Member States shall ensure that medical activities in procurement organisations, such as donor selection and evaluation , are performed under the advice and the supervision of a medical doctor as defined in Directive 2005/36/EC. Amendment 48 Proposal for a directive Article 6 – paragraph 2 – subparagraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Member States shall ensure that procurement takes place in dedicated facilities, which are designed, constructed, maintained and operated so as to comply with the requirements laid down in this Directive and which allow minimising bacterial or other contamination of procured human organs in accordance with best medical practices. 2. Member States shall ensure that donation takes place in appropriate facilities, which are designed, constructed, maintained and operated so as to comply with the requirements laid down in this Directive and which allow minimising bacterial or other contamination of procured human organs in accordance with best medical practices. The facilities shall meet operating theatre standards. Justification Clarification. Amendment 49 Proposal for a directive Article 6 – paragraph 2 – subparagraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Those facilities shall comply with normal standard for operating theatres, including: deleted (a) Restricted access; (b) personnel that are appropriately dressed for sterile operations, wearing sterile gloves, hats and facemasks. Justification Such details should not be included in a European directive. Amendment 50 Proposal for a directive Article 8 – paragraph 1 – point a Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (a) the organisation s, bodies or companies involved in the transportation of organs have appropriate standard operating procedures in place to ensure the integrity of the organ during transport and that transport time is minimised . (a) the organisation involved in the transportation of organs ensure s that the organ is transported with due care ; Justification This amendment seeks to cut red tape. What is essential is that the organ should be treated according to the rules during transport. Amendment 51 Proposal for a directive Article 8 – paragraph 1 –