marking on goods imported from other Member States are prohibited, while there is no such limitation on compulsory origin marking on goods imported from third countries, C. whereas a number of the EU's major trading partners, such as the United States, China, Japan and Canada, have enacted mandatory origin-marking requirements, D. whereas, in the Lisbon Agenda, the EU set itself the objective of strengthening the EU economy by, inter alia, improving the competitiveness of EU industry in the world economy; whereas competitiveness is fair when it operates with clear rules for producers as well as for exporters and importers, E. whereas an origin-marking scheme would have the aim of allowing EU consumers to be fully aware of the country of origin of the products they purchase; whereas consumers would thus be able to identify those products with the social, environmental and safety standards generally associated with that country, F. whereas the proposal introducing a mandatory country of origin marking system in the EU is restricted to a limited number of imported products, such as textiles, jewellery, apparel, footwear, leather, lamps and light fittings, glassware, ceramics and handbags, for which the 'made in' requirement provides valuable information for final consumer choice, G. whereas it is crucial to ensure a level playing-field with the producers and the consumers of our major partners which have implemented origin marking, H. whereas the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty on 1 December 2009 will put the Council and the European Parliament on an equal footing regarding this subject; whereas the ordinary legislative procedure under Article 207 of the Lisbon Treaty will be applicable, 1. Reiterates that consumer protection requires transparent and consistent trade rules including indications of origin; 2. Calls on the Commission and the Council to take all necessary steps to ensure a level playing field with trading partners which have implemented origin-marking requirements; 3. Calls on the Commission and the Council to set up proper customs surveillance and enforcement mechanisms; 4. Urges Member States to maintain a consistent Community approach to this issue to enable EU consumers to receive more complete and accurate information; 5. Encourages the Commission strongly to intervene, together with the Member States, to defend consumers' legitimate rights and expectations whenever there is evidence of counterfeiting and/or use of fraudulent or misleading origin marking by non-EU producers and importers; 6. Considers the proposal for a Council regulation introducing compulsory