Question for written answer E-8559/2010 to the Council Rule 117 Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE) (20 October 2010) Subject: Deportations of Roma to Kosovo Ever since Kosovo's unilateral declaration of independence, the EU has exerted continuing pressure on the Kosovo authorities to accept the return of Roma to the country, thousands of whom left the region during the Balkan war. Against this background, a few weeks ago Amnesty International published a report describing the conditions under which Roma are returning to Kosovo. According to Amnesty the situation is critical, since after being repatriated to Kosovo in the early hours with few possessions other than the clothes they are wearing, they face the possibility of continued discrimination. This discrimination occurs not only in terms of access to healthcare, education and housing but even extends to the possibility that they may be murdered because of their ethnic origin. The Amnesty International report (‘Not welcome anywhere: Stop the forced return of Roma to Kosovo’) points out that unemployment among the Roma population stands at around 97 %. It also states that the EU may be in breach of international law if it continues to return Roma to a country where they are at risk of persecution. Even though the Kosovo authorities recently introduced measures to improve the reception and reintegration of Roma, they have neither the funding, nor the capacity, nor the resources and nor at times the will to guarantee their safe return and integration. Consequently, as long as the country's authorities are unable to guarantee the fundamental rights of the Roma community in Kosovo, the EU and the international community have an obligation to continue to protect these minorities. Can the Council explain why the German Minister for the Interior did not respond when asked for his opinion on the recent report published by Amnesty International? Will the Council take any steps to guarantee respect for the fundamental rights of the Roma minority in Kosovo?