competent authority under an assistance agreement with the third country, provided the consent of the competent authority that originally supplied the information has been obtained and in accordance with Community legislation regarding the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data. Article 15 Conditions 1. Member States shall waive all claims for the reimbursement of expenses incurred in applying this Regulation . However, the Member State of the applicant authority shall remain liable to the Member State of the requested authority for any costs and any losses incurred as a result of measures held to be unfounded by a court as far as the substance of the intra-Community infringement is concerned. 2. A requested authority may refuse to comply with a request for enforcement measures under Article 8, following consultation with the applicant authority, if: a. judicial proceedings have already been initiated or final judgment has already been passed in respect of the same intra-Community infringements and against the same sellers or suppliers before the judicial authorities in the Member State of the requested or applicant authority; b. in its opinion, following appropriate investigation by the requested authority, no intra-Community infringement has taken place; or c. in its opinion the applicant authority has not provided sufficient information in accordance with Article 12(1) except when the requested authority has already refused to comply with a request under paragraph 3(b) of this Article in relation to the same intra-Community infringement. 3. A requested authority may refuse to comply with a request for information under Article 6 if: a. in its opinion, following consultation with the applicant authority, the information requested is not required by the applicant authority to establish whether an intra-Community infringement has occurred or whether there is a reasonable suspicion it may occur, or if the applicant authority does not agree that the information is subject to the provisions on confidentiality and professional secrecy set out in Article 13(3); or b. criminal investigations or judicial proceedings have already been initiated or final judgment has already been passed in respect of the same intra-Community infringements and against the same sellers or suppliers before the judicial authorities in the Member State of the requested or applicant authority. 4. A requested authority may decide not to comply with the obligations in Article 7 if criminal investigations or judicial proceedings have already been initiated or final judgment has already been passed