from the date of notification. At the initiative of the European Parliament or the Council this period shall be extended by one month. 2. If, on expiry of that period, neither the European Parliament nor the Council has objected to the delegated act it shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and shall enter into force on the date stated therein. The delegated act may be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and enter into force before the expiry of that period if the European Parliament and the Council have both informed the Commission of their intention not to raise objections. 3. If the European Parliament or the Council objects to the adopted delegated act, it shall not enter into force. The institution which objects shall state the reasons for objecting to the delegated act.‘ Amendment 174 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 14 – point 8 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1528/2007 Article 24 d (new) 8a. The following article is inserted: 'Article 24d Confidentiality 1. Information received pursuant to this Regulation shall be used only for the purpose for which it was requested. 2. No information of a confidential nature nor any information provided on a confidential basis received pursuant to this Regulation shall be disclosed without specific permission from the supplier of such information. 3. Each request for confidentiality shall state the reasons why the information is confidential. However, if the supplier of the information wishes neither to make it public nor to authorise its disclosure in general terms or in the form of a summary and if it appears that the request for confidentiality is unjustified, the information concerned may be disregarded. 4. Information shall in any case be considered to be confidential if its disclosure is likely to have a significantly adverse effect upon the supplier or the source of such information. 5. Paragraphs 1 to 4 shall not preclude reference by the Union authorities to general information and in particular to reasons on which decisions taken pursuant to this Regulation are based. Those authorities shall, however, take into account the legitimate interest of natural and legal persons concerned that their business secrets should not be divulged.‘ Amendment 175 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 14 – point 8 b (new) Regulation (EC) No 1528/2007 Article 24 e (new) 8b.