with their respective constitutional procedures and would thus take the form of a Constitutional Treaty. The ratification procedure should be revised, says the committee, to ensure that a small minority of Member States cannot block ratification. For any revision of the Constitutional Treaty, the European Council would have to approve a draft text drawn up by a Convention constituted along the lines of the current Convention. Any changes proposed by the Council would also have to be submitted to the Convention for approval. A legislative bloc comprising acts adopted under the co-decision procedure by Parliament and Council acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission: - Laws, which would be binding in their entirety and directly applicable; this category would include "co-ordinating laws", which would replace the regulations governing European Community action programmes; - Framework laws, replacing the present directives, which would be binding on the Member States as regards the results required but would leave national bodies free to choose the methods employed to achieve those results. There are then two special categories: - Quasi-constitutional laws, laying down provisions which are necessary for the smooth functioning of the institutions but which call for flexible adoption procedures that are incompatible with the constitutional procedure (e.g. the own-resources decision, the Financial Regulation, the rules on electoral and voting procedures for European Parliament elections, the Statutes of the Court of Justice and Court of Auditors). These acts would have to be adopted by an ”enhanced” qualified majority in the European Parliament and the Council, with final decisions of the latter being taken by the Heads of State or Government. - Finance laws, comprising "the law relating to the financial perspective" (laying down the EU's financial planning arrangements for a 5-year period) and the "annual finance laws" (the Union budget) together with the supplementary and amending budgets. This type differs from the legislative co-decision procedure in that the possibility of ultimate rejection of the finance act as a result of a disagreement between Council and Parliament "cannot be countenanced". On this point, the Budgets Committee is asked to draw up a report on simplifying the budget procedure. - An implementing bloc, designed to ensure that the provisions of legislative acts are put into effect, and consisting of: - Decisions, intended to lay down the procedural conditions for implementing legislative and budgetary acts; - Implementing measures, which would lay down, in