to remain in the labour market; 6. Considers, in the context of realising the objective of full employment and equal opportunity, that particular attention needs to continue to be focussed on lifelong learning, promoting employability, ensuring that people are equipped with at least the basic qualifications and removing disincentives to work; 7. Recalls that the Employment and Social Policy Council held on 7 March 2002 had stressed the need to work for equality between men and women by making it easier for men and women to enter and remain in the labour market and had called for new measures directed at reconciling family life and working life, particularly through the creation of services caring for children and other dependants; therefore welcomes the fact that the Barcelona Council conclusions call on the Member States, in line with their national provisions, to aim at providing specific childcare facilities by 2010; 8. Considers it essential for a reinforced employment strategy to strike a proper balance between flexibility and security, and therefore encourages the Member States, in line with national practice, to review employment contract regulations, with a view to promoting more jobs; General political and economic context 9. Considers that the signs of a recovery of the world economy remain thin on the ground and do not in any circumstances add up to a genuine long-term growth scenario; Coordination of economic policy 10. Considers that sound public finances must be ensured on the basis of respect for the rules laid down in the pact for stability and growth; 11. Admits from the purely theoretical viewpoint that the existence of a single, centralised monetary policy in the eurozone calls for a strengthening of the budgetary policy coordination mechanisms; 12. Considers, however, that the coordination of national economic policy should not be entrusted to a Community organ such as the Commission, but should remain the exclusive preserve of the Member States and should therefore be dealt with on the basis of the intergovernmental principle; Business spirit and competitiveness 13. Underlines its belief in a market economy based on free competition and respect for individual initiative; 14. Approves, in this sense, the reform of the Community rules governing competition, and considers that the priority objectives of this reform should be to strengthen the culture of competition in the Member States and allow economic agents greater responsibility; 15. Regrets the fact that the Commission's policy on merger