Answer given by Mr Hahn on behalf of the Commission (6 October 2011) The Pilot Project ‘Pan-European Coordination of Roma Integration Methods — Roma Inclusion’ (hereinafter referred to as Roma Pilot Project) was decided by the Parliament in 2008 (budget heading 13 03 21), and the Commission has been working on its implementation since then. The overall objective of the Roma Pilot Project is to demonstrate effective policy initiatives, draw lessons and promote good practice transfer and thereby contribute to Roma inclusion in Europe. It aims at promoting the socioeconomic inclusion of Roma through supporting innovative and integrated approaches to tackling the multidimensional problems which the Roma communities are facing. In particular the Pilot Project sets out to contribute to: — improving the access of Roma children to quality early childhood education and care; — facilitating self-employment through access to microcredits; — combating discrimination against Roma people through information and awareness raising campaigns; — developing tools and methods for evaluation and data collection as a basis for evidence based policy making. The signing ceremony took place on 4 June 2010, when the grant agreements for each of the respective fields of intervention with the three nominated organisations Roma Education Fund, Polgár Foundation for Equal Opportunities and Spolu International Foundation were signed. The planned activities of the three projects will run until 2012. The primary beneficiaries of the Roma Pilot Project are the successful applicants. However, final beneficiaries are various local partner organisations as well as Roma and non-Roma who are benefitting from the different activities of the Pilot. The Pilot Project is implemented in different localities in seven countries (Albania, Bulgaria, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Hungary, Italy, Romania, and Slovakia). Implementation of the Roma Pilot Project is at the mid‑way stage. Beneficiaries have recently submitted interim reports and, after evaluation, the Commission will be in a position to provide a summary of progress on the ground. As for future EU policy, the inclusion of Roma has to be seen in the context of the Europe 2020 strategy. For a number of Member States, addressing the situation of Roma in terms of employment, poverty and education will contribute to progress towards Europe 2020 employment, social inclusion and education targets. Each Member State is asked to develop or align national Roma integration strategies to the targets indicated in the EU Framework for National Roma Integration Strategies http://ec.europa.eu/justice/policies/discrimination/docs/com_2011_173_en.pdf and extend their