and during recycling. To control possible risks to human health and the environment from the treatment of WEEE containing nanomaterials, selective treatment may be necessary. It is appropriate for the Commission to assess whether selective treatment should be applied to relevant nanomaterials. Justification Nanomaterials are being used more and more in electrical and electronic equipment. While many applications might not create any problems during treatment, this may well be the case for certain nanomaterials, e.g. carbon nanotubes, some of which are suspected of having asbestos-like properties, or nanosilver. It is better to assess the situation to see whether action is needed than turning a blind eye on it. This is in line with the EP position on the regulatory aspects of nanomaterials of 2009. (Reinstatement of amendment 101 of first reading.) Amendment 8 Council position Recital 17 Council position Amendment (17) The recovery, preparation for re-use and recycling of equipment should be counted towards the achievement of the targets laid down in this Directive only if that recovery, preparation for re-use or recycling does not conflict with other Union or national legislation applicable to the equipment. (17) The recovery, preparation for re-use and recycling of equipment should be counted towards the achievement of the targets laid down in this Directive only if that recovery, preparation for re-use or recycling does not conflict with other Union or national legislation applicable to the equipment. Ensuring proper recovery and preparation for re-use and recycling of equipment is important for sound resource management and will optimise resource supply. Justification Reinstatement of Parliament’s first-reading position. Effective recycling of WEEE is crucial to both environmental protection and the recovery of raw materials. Amendment 9 Council position Recital 19 Council position Amendment (19) Users of EEE from private households should have the possibility of returning WEEE at least free of charge. Producers should finance at least the collection from collection facilities, and the treatment, recovery and disposal of WEEE. Member States should encourage producers to take full responsibility for the WEEE collection in particular by financing the collection of WEEE throughout the entire waste chain, including from private households, in order to avoid separately collected WEEE becoming the object of suboptimal treatment and illegal exports, to create a level playing field by harmonising producer financing across the Union and to shift payment for the collection of this waste from general tax payers to the consumers of EEE,