the producer in appropriate schemes for the financing of the management of WEEE, a recycling insurance or a blocked bank account. Member States shall ensure that each producer provides a guarantee when placing a product on the market showing that the management of all WEEE will be financed and shall ensure that producers clearly mark their products in accordance with Article 15(2). This guarantee shall ensure that the operations referred to in paragraph 1 relating to the product will be financed. The guarantee may take the form of participation by the producer in appropriate schemes for the financing of the management of WEEE, a recycling insurance or a blocked bank account. The financial guarantee in respect of the end of life of products shall be calculated to ensure the internalisation of the real end-of-life costs of a producer's product, taking into account treatment and recycling standards referred to in Article 8(5). Justification Treatment and recycling standards should be taken into account in calculating the financial guarantee which producers are required to provide to cover the end-of-life costs of their products pursuant to Article 12. In addition, external costs should be internalised so as to maximise individual producer responsibility. Amendment 55 Council position Article 12 – paragraph 3 a (new) Council position Amendment 3a. In order to make possible a harmonised approach to compliance with the financial guarantee requirements established in paragraph 3, the Commission shall, no later than ...*, adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 20 concerning the minimum requirements and methodology for calculating the level of these guarantees, and establish guidelines for their verification and auditing. Those minimum requirements shall ensure at least that: (a) the guarantee brings about internalisation of the real end-of-life costs of a producer’s product, taking into account the treatment and recycling standards; (b) the costs related to a producer’s obligation do not fall on other actors; and (c) the guarantee will be available in the future and can be utilised to meet the outstanding recycling obligations of a producer in the event of the latter's insolvency. _______ * 12 months after the entry into force of this Directive. Justification Harmonised minimum requirements applicable to financial guarantees are needed to allow meaningful checking of guarantees for compliance. Criteria should be set to define how to assess the level of financial guarantees, taking account of recycling and treatment standards, and defining rules to verify them,