Answer given by Mr Kallas on behalf of the Commission (9 January 2006) The question raised by the Honourable Member covers two different administrative practices, both of which allow the Commission to make staff available to outside organisations which are not part of the EU institutions. The two administrative practices are: — Secondment in the interest of the service pursuant to Articles 37(a) and 38 of the Staff Regulations. This is covered in part A of this reply. — Attachment of officials pursuant to the Commission Decision of 5 January 1995 on the attachment of Community officials to national government departments and to international organisations C(1994)3895 of 5 January 1995. . This is covered in part B of this reply. PART A. Secondment Pursuant to Articles 37(a) and 38 of the Staff Regulations A.1 POLICY The policy of the Commission is to second officials in the interest of the service to non-Community organisations when two conditions are met. Firstly, the ‘recipient’ body must request and justify the need for such a secondment. Secondly, the Appointing Authority of the Commission must accept that the requested secondment represents an interest for the Institution. The evaluation of the interest of the service varies from case to case and takes into account the particular aspects of the policy area concerned as well as issues such as the timing. Articles 37(a) and 38 of the Staff Regulations determine the framework within which the secondment takes place as well as specific provisions relating to salary, additional expenses and pension contributions. The duration of the secondment is determined by the Appointing Authority; the official concerned may however request that the secondment be terminated at the end of each six month period. During the secondment the official retains his post, his right to advancement to a higher step and his eligibility for promotion. At the end of the secondment, the official is reinstated in the post he previously occupied. A.2 NUMBER OF OFFICIALS SECONDED AT ANY ONE TIME The number of seconded officials varies over time, depending on requests and the evaluation of the interest of the service. Out of 21000 officials, there are currently 15.11.2005. 62 officials seconded in the interest of the service. 37 of these are seconded to other Community Institutions or Agencies. The other 25 are seconded to international organisations, EU governmental bodies and other organisations. The list of organisations to which officials are