significant derogation from the general principle, and one which could give rise to unjustifiable differences in the treatment applied to minors from one Member State to another. It should therefore be deleted. Amendment 27 Article 4, paragraph 1, point (c b) (new) (c b) the adult unmarried children of the applicant or his/her spouse, or of his/her unmarried partner, where they are dependent on him/her and are objectively unable to provide for their own needs on account of their state of health . Justification It should also be possible for adult unmarried children to be the subject of family reunification when, objectively, they have serious health problems and are still dependent on their parents. The approach to such cases should be harmonised at Community level. Amendment 28 Article 4, paragraph 2, introductory sentence 2. The Member States may, by law or regulation, authorise the entry and residence, pursuant to this Directive and subject to compliance with the conditions laid down in Chapter IV, of the following family members: Deleted Justification The amendment is intended to avoid the possibility of the Member States adopting divergent legislative provisions in attempting to meet the same objective. Amendment 29 Article 4, paragraph 2, point (a) (a) first-degree relatives in the direct ascending line of the person applying for reunification or his or her spouse, where they are dependent on them and do not enjoy proper family support in the country of origin; Deleted Justification Same as for previous amendment. Amendment 30 Article 4, paragraph 2, point (b) (b) the adult unmarried children of the applicant or his or her spouse, where they are objectively unable to provide for their own needs on account of their state of health. Deleted Justification Same as for previous amendment. Amendment 31 Article 4, paragraph 3 3. The Member States may, by law or regulation, authorise the entry and residence, pursuant to this Directive and subject to compliance with the conditions laid down in Chapter IV, of the unmarried partner, being a third-country national, with whom the applicant is in a duly attested stable long-term relationship, or of a third-country national who is bound to the applicant by a registered partnership in accordance with Article 5(2), and the unmarried minor children, including adopted children, of such persons. Deleted Justification Same as for previous amendment. Amendment 32 Article 4, paragraph 4 4. In the event of a polygamous marriage, where