light of Parliament's prerogatives and competences, those Members who have not been given a personal security clearance shall be granted access to "CONFIDENTIEL UE" documents under practical arrangements defined by common accord, including signature of a solemn declaration that they will not disclose the contents of those documents to any third person. Access to "SECRET UE" documents shall be granted to Members who have been given an appropriate personal security clearance. 2.5.3. Arrangements shall be made with the support of the Commission to ensure that the necessary contribution of national authorities within the framework of the clearance procedure can be obtained by Parliament as quickly as possible. Details of the category or categories of persons who are to have access to the confidential information shall be communicated simultaneously with the request. Prior to being granted access to such information each person shall be briefed on its confidentiality level and the resulting security obligations. In the context of the review of this Annex and future security arrangements, as referred to in points 4.1 and 4.2, the issue of security clearances will be re-examined. 3. Arrangements for access to and the handling of confidential information 3.1. Confidential information forwarded in accordance with the procedures set out in point 2.3 and, where appropriate, point 2.4 shall be made available, on the responsibility of the President or of a Member of the Commission, to the parliamentary body/office-holder who submitted the request, in accordance with the following conditions: Parliament and the Commission will ensure the registration and the traceability of confidential information. More specifically, EUCI classified as “CONFIDENTIEL UE” and “SECRET UE” shall be forwarded from the Commission's Secretariat General central registry to the equivalent competent Parliament service who will be responsible for making it available under the agreed arrangements to the parliamentary body/office-holder who submitted the request. The forwarding of EUCI classified as “TRÈS SECRET UE/EU TOP SECRET" shall be subject to further arrangements, agreed between the Commission and the parliamentary body/office-holder who submitted the request, aimed at ensuring a level of protection commensurate with that classification. 3.2. Without prejudice to the provisions of points 2.2 and 2.4 and the future security arrangements referred to in point 4.1, access and the arrangements designed to preserve the confidentiality of the information shall be laid down by common accord before the information is forwarded. That accord between the Member of the Commission with responsibility for the