Answer given by Mr Piebalgs on behalf of the Commission (25 October 2007) In spite of the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Communities on 10 December 2002 in Case C‑29/99 recognising the competences of the European Atomic Energy Community to legislate in the field of safety of nuclear installations, the lack of a qualified majority in the Council made it impossible to proceed with the so-called ‘nuclear package’. The latest initiative of the Commission in the field of nuclear safety is the creation of the ‘European High Level Group on Nuclear Safety and Waste Management’ 2007/530/Euratom: Commission decision of 17 July 2007 on establishing the European High Level Group on Nuclear Safety and Waste Management, OJ L 195, 27.7.2007. . This body will bring together senior regulators of the Member States to advise and assist the Commission in progressively developing common understanding and eventually additional European rules in the fields of safety of nuclear installations and of the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste. Consequently, in the absence of binding Community legislation on the safety of nuclear installations, the Commission can only receive information based on the good will of operators or safety authorities. It is the responsibility of each Member State to analyse thoroughly such incidents. In the event of a radiological emergency as defined in Council Decision 87/600/Euratom 87/600/Euratom: Council decision of 14 December 1987 on Community arrangements for the early exchange of information in the event of a radiological emergency, OJ L 371, 30.12.1987. , the latter provides clear guidance to Member States on how to proceed. The Commission assists them via Ecurie, a 24-hour emergency notification and information exchange system. Additionally, under Article 37 of the Euratom Treaty, the Commission can examine, inter alia , the existing bilateral agreements between the Member State submitting a plan for the disposal of radioactive waste and the neighbouring countries, and, when necessary, recommend that the Member State in question examines the potential advantages of establishing similar agreements with other Member States. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)'s International Nuclear Event Scale (INES), the primary purpose of which is to communicate the true significance of the event to the public, is clearly defined and internationally recognised as a communication tool to characterise the severity of incidents/accidents that occur. This scale is not foreseen to evaluate potential risks in case of an incident. All incidents mentioned