airports back to Community airports, and the clarification that tickets issued under the Frequent Flyer Programme are not exempt from the Regulation. In 1998, the Regulation was stalled in the Council due to the dispute between the UK and Spain over its application to Gibraltar Airport. It is hoped that this opportunity to improve consumer protection rights is not thwarted again. As well as improving the provisions for denied boarding compensation, the new Regulation has been extended to cover delayed and cancelled flights. This is consistent with the Parliament's call that air passengers should be compensated for unjust delays and cancelled flights, and should be made fully aware of their rights (EP Resolution A5-0249/2001 ). In particular, the proposal stipulates that in the case of denied boarding, airlines shall ask for volunteers to surrender their booking before preventing a passenger to board the aircraft against their will. Compensation levels are increased to 750€ and 1,500€ depending on the length of the journey. Passengers shall also be offered a choice between having the cost of their ticket reimbursed, or being re-routed to their final destination either as soon as possible or at their own convenience. The latter also applies to cancelled and delayed flights. Priority for boarding shall be given to disabled passengers or to those with special needs. All passengers shall be offered the means to contact their point of destination and be provided with meals, refreshments and hotel accommodation whilst waiting for an alternative or delayed flight. The air passenger must also be made aware of their rights in relation to denied boarding or cancelled or delayed flights, and shall have full recourse to further redress. There should be no difference in redress between scheduled and self-styled 'budget' airlines. Whether travelling for business or pleasure being denied boarding of a flight or finding that the flight has been delayed or cancelled is distressing, frustrating and inconvenient for any air passenger. With this in mind, the airline industry has already begun to take positive action with the launch in May 2001 of the Airline Passenger Service Commitment. This is a welcome step as it already commits airlines to first seek volunteers before enforced denied boarding takes place. However, this is only a voluntary agreement within certain sectors of the industry. Clear and uniform legislation provided for by the Regulation is therefore important in ensuring that air passengers are protected across