transmitted within 21 months of the end of the reference year. 2a. In order to meet user needs for complete and timely datasets, the Commission (Eurostat) shall produce, as soon as sufficient country data becomes available, estimates for the EU-27 totals for the main aggregates of this module. The Commission (Eurostat) shall, wherever possible, produce and publish estimates for data that have not been transmitted by Member States within the deadline specified in point 2. 3. The first reference year is the year in which this Regulation enters into force. 4. In the first data transmission, Member States shall include annual data from 2008 to the first reference year. 5. In each subsequent data transmission to the Commission, Member States shall provide annual data for the years n-4 , n-3, n-2, n-1 and n, where n is the reference year. SECTION 5 Reporting tables For each of the characteristics referred to in Section 3, data shall be reported from the perspective of the entities paying the taxes. For producers, data shall be reported on a breakdown ▌by hierarchical classification of economic activities, NACE Rev.2 (A*64 aggregation level as set out in ESA 95 ) . For consumers, data shall be reported for: – households, – non-residents. Where the tax cannot be attributed to one of the above groupings of activities, the data shall be reported as not allocated. SECTION 6 Maximum duration of the transitional periods For the implementation of the provisions of this Annex, the maximum duration of the transitional period is two years, from the first transmission deadline . ANNEX III MODULE FOR ECONOMY-WIDE MATERIAL FLOW ACCOUNTS (EW-MFA) SECTION 1 Objectives EW-MFA covers all solid, gaseous, and liquid materials, except for flows of air and water, measured in mass units per year. Like the system of national accounts, EW-MFA serves two major purposes. The detailed material flows provide a rich empirical database for numerous analytical studies. They are also used to compile different economy-wide material flow indicators for national economies. This Annex defines the data to be collected, compiled, transmitted and evaluated for EW-MFA by the Member States. SECTION 2 Coverage The distinction between stocks and flows is a fundamental principle of a material flow system. In general, a flow is a variable that measures a quantity per time period, whereas a stock is a variable that measures a quantity at a certain point in time. EW-MFA is