exceeding 30 days; b) take evidence in accordance with Article 9; or c) summon the parties to an oral hearing to be held within 30 days of the summons. 2. The court or tribunal shall give the judgment either within 30 days of any oral hearing or after having received all information necessary for giving the judgment. The judgment shall be served on the parties in accordance with Article 13. 3. If the court or tribunal has not received an answer from the relevant party within the time limits laid down in Article 5(3) or (6) , it shall give a judgment on the claim or counterclaim. Article 8 Oral hearing The court or tribunal may hold an oral hearing through video conference or other communication technology if the technical means are available. Article 9 Taking of evidence 1. The court or tribunal shall determine the means of taking evidence and the extent of the evidence necessary for its judgment under the rules applicable to the admissibility of evidence. The court or tribunal may admit the taking of evidence through written statements of witnesses, experts or parties. It may also admit the taking of evidence through video conference or other communication technology if the technical means are available. 2. The court or tribunal may take expert evidence or oral testimony only if it is necessary for giving the judgment. In making its decision, the court or tribunal shall take costs into account. 3. The court or tribunal shall use the simplest and least burdensome method of taking evidence. Article 10 Representation of parties Representation by a lawyer or another legal professional shall not be mandatory. Article 11 Assistance for the parties The Member States shall ensure that the parties can receive practical assistance in filling in the forms. Article 12 Remit of the court or tribunal 1. The court or tribunal shall not require the parties to make any legal assessment of the claim. 2. If necessary, the court or tribunal shall inform the parties about procedural questions. 3. Whenever appropriate, the court or tribunal shall seek to reach a settlement between the parties. Article 13 Service of documents 1. Documents shall be served by postal service attested by an acknowledgement of receipt including the date of receipt. 2. If service in accordance with paragraph 1 is not possible, service may be effected by any of the methods provided for