Answer given by Mr Verheugen on behalf of the Commission (2 February 2007) Condoms coated with spermicides are regulated under Directive 93/42/EEC concerning medical devices OJ L 169, 12.7.1993. ; the spermicide itself is a medicinal substance Commission Guidance on Interface with Medical Device Directives and the directive on Medicinal Products MEDDEV 2.1/3 rev.2 . Under the current rules of the directive, no medical device combined with a medicinal substance can be placed on the market unless the safety, quality and usefulness of the substance has been verified taking into account the intended purpose of the device. Therefore, where a substance is shown not to be safe or useful for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) or sexually transmitted infection (STI) prevention, it would not be possible for a manufacturer to claim this intended purpose on the labelling or instructions for use of his device. Furthermore, depending on the risk analysis that the manufacturer is required to carry out, a warning to that effect may be appropriate on the labelling and instructions for use. Under this directive Member States are responsible for market surveillance and where a Member State takes a measure to remove or restrict the sale of a medical device for safety or public health protection reasons, they are required to communicate this to the Commission. The Commission then assesses the justification of the measure. In relation to condoms coated with Nonoxynol-9, no such communication has been received. Enquiries following receipt of the Honourable Members’ question to the Danish and Norwegian authorities revealed that these devices were not actually banned from the market by authorities but were voluntarily removed by the manufacturers or distributors. As no Member State has communicated any formal action in relation to these devices, the Commission is not in a position to assess the necessity to restrict their availability to the public in the Community. Therefore, to gain a greater understanding of Member States position on the issue, the Commission will consult its Market Surveillance Operations Group, which is a specialist coordination group on market surveillance made up of Member State’s representatives.