be able to choose to fulfil this obligation either individually or by joining a collective scheme. Each producer should, when placing a product on the market, provide a financial guarantee to prevent costs for the management of WEEE from orphan products from falling on society or the remaining producers. The responsibility for the financing of the management of historical waste should be shared by all existing producers through collective financing schemes to which all producers that exist on the market when the costs occur, contribute proportionately. Collective financing schemes should not have the effect of excluding niche and low-volume producers, importers and new entrants. In the case of products which have a long life cycle and which are now covered by the Directive for the first time, such as photovoltaic modules, the best possible use should be made of existing collection and recovery systems, provided that they meet the requirements laid down in this Directive. In particular, no obstacles should be placed in the way of the operation of systems established throughout the Union , given their consistency with the aims of the internal market. Justification Reinstatement of Parliament’s first-reading position. Existing, proven systems for the collection of WEEE should be retained. In terms of equipment design or environmental benefits, financing collection from households is immaterial, and shifting how the burden is shared does not guarantee a higher collection rate. The consumer's responsibility to play a part in the proper disposal of waste equipment should likewise not be disregarded. Amendment 10 Council position Recital 20 Council position Amendment (20) Producers should be allowed to show purchasers, on a voluntary basis at the time of sale of new products, the costs of collecting, treating and disposing of WEEE in an environmentally sound way. This is in line with the Commission Communication on Sustainable Consumption and Production and Sustainable Industrial Policy Action Plan in particular with regard to smarter consumption and green public procurement. deleted Justification Collection and treatment costs should be incorporated into the product price so that there is an incentive to reduce those costs. Flat rates reflect neither the actual costs of a product at the end of its service life nor its environmental impact. In the final analysis, consumers receive no information on recyclability and actual treatment costs. Amendment 11 Council position Recital 25 Council position Amendment (25) Information about the weight of EEE placed on the market