in paragraph 1 and in the second subparagraph of paragraph 2 has a contract. The responsibilities and obligations set out in this Regulation also apply, however, to the operating air carrier, both in the case of code sharing and where it is logistically impossible for the tour operator to meet the obligations laid down . The tour operator, or in the case of code sharing, the marketing carrier shall have full rights of recourse against the operating carrier whenever denied boarding, cancellation or delay to the flight are the latter's responsibility. Justification Under the Commission's proposal, those subject to the obligations set out in Article 3(3) are the air carrier which has sold the service and the tour operator which has sold the package. However, it may sometimes be the operating carrier which is in practice responsible for denied boarding, and not the bodies which have a contract with the passengers. Similarly, it is possible that the tour operator may not be able, logistically, to meet the obligations laid down by this article. In order to protect passengers effectively, it is therefore preferable to make it perfectly clear that all those involved must comply with the obligations, albeit to different degrees and for different reasons: the marketing carrier, the tour operator which sells the package and the operating carrier. In addition, steps should be taken to ensure that the tour operator and the marketing carrier are legally protected vis-à-vis the operating carrier, as they should have recourse available to them against the body responsible for denied boarding. This guarantee should be specified in the text, since passengers will seek compensation solely from the operator or agent from which they have bought the service. Amendment 17 Article 5, paragraph 1 1. When an air carrier or tour operator reasonably expects to deny boarding on a flight, it shall first identify any passenger still awaiting check-in for the flight concerned at the time check-in closes and then call for volunteers to surrender their confirmed reservations in exchange for benefits under conditions to be agreed between the passenger concerned and the air carrier or tour operator . 1. When a body with responsibility as laid down in Article 3(3) reasonably expects to deny boarding on a flight, it shall first identify any passenger still awaiting check-in for the flight concerned at the time check-in closes and then call for volunteers to surrender their