Question for written answer E-009713/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Charles Tannock (ECR) (27 October 2011) Subject: Obligations on public service broadcasters, and their role in the decline of the European film industry There is a concern in some quarters that public service broadcasters have contributed to the decline of the European film industry by filling their schedules with game shows, soap operas and violence and fantasy dramas (including films) designed to boost ratings without regard to the cultural consequences of such policies. In the case of the BBC, for example — and BBC 2, in particular — it was not so long ago that one could gain access to the culture and psychology of both one’s own and other countries through the work of great European film-makers, such as Chabrol or Polanski, as well as through the work of great American film-makers such as Scorsese and Welles. This is no longer the case. The BBC does not even show films by revered British directors like Lean, Hitchcock, Asquith, Forbes, Reeves, Richardson or Schlesinger, but has, despite its legally privileged position, entirely abandoned its public service broadcasting responsibilities in this area. In the case of BBC 1, almost every film selected has been made within the last 20 years, and frequently conforms to formulaic Hollywood tropes, whilst those turning to BBC 2 on a Friday or Saturday night are far more likely to encounter an inane comedy or pop festival repeat, as part of the BBC’s policy of catering to ‘youth audiences’ rather than to older viewers, though the latter are far more likely to be at home in the evenings. Black and white films have been entirely banished from the screen, and are thus almost completely unknown to younger audiences. Instead, they are treated to highlights of public sector broadcasting such as Two pints of lager and a packet of crisps or Snog marry avoid? In the past, the BBC, despite problems of political bias, could defend its privileged legal position by pointing to the sheer range of its cultural output. Its current choice of films, however, not only deprives its viewers of a window to other cultures and sensibilities, but effectively deprives younger viewers of any real connection to, or understanding of, Britain’s past, so cutting them off from their cultural roots. The cultural establishment in France has long warned of the threats of globalisation to European culture.