in the Annex; (b) procedures for ensuring the full traceability of organs, including labelling requirements; (c) procedures for ensuring the reporting of unexpected serious adverse events and reactions. Justification The additions take into account the connection between human organ and donor characterisation (1a) and the definition provided in Article 3 (m) and (n) of the proposal for a Directive (1c, 2a and b). Amendment 98 Proposal for a directive Article 26 - paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Article 5a (1) to (4) and Article 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof. deleted Amendment 99 Proposal for a directive Article 26 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 26a Exercise of the delegation 1. T he powers to adopt the delegated acts referred to in Article 25a shall be conferred on the Commission until ... * . The Commission shall make a report in respect of the delegated powers at the latest ... ** , accompanied, where relevant, by a legislative proposal to extend the duration of the delegation of powers. 2. As soon as it adopts a delegated act, the Commission shall notify it simultaneously to the European Parliament and to the Council. 3. The power to adopt delegated acts shall be conferred on the Commission subject to the conditions laid down in Articles 26b and 26c. * OJ; please insert the date 3 years after the entry into force of this D irective. ** OJ; please insert the date 30 months after the entry into force of this D irective. Amendment 100 Proposal for a directive Article 26 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 26b Revocation of the delegation 1. The delegation of power referred to in Article 25a may be revoked by the European Parliament or by the Council. 2. The institution which has commenced an internal procedure for deciding whether to revoke the delegation of power shall endeavour to inform the other institution and the Commission stating the delegated powers which could be subject to revocation. 3. The decision of revocation shall state the reasons for the revocation and shall put an end to the delegation of the powers specified in that decision. It shall take effect immediately or at a later date specified therein. It shall not affect the validity of the