of Presidents, a standing or special committee may, in the interests of its work, appoint one or more subcommittees, at the same time determining their composition, in accordance with Rule 186, and their areas of responsibility. Subcommittees shall report to the committee that set them up. 2. The procedure for subcommittees shall be the same as for committees. 3. Substitutes shall be allowed to sit on subcommittees under the same conditions as on committees. 4. The application of these provisions must safeguard the interdependence between a subcommittee and the committee within which it is set up. For this purpose all the full members of a subcommittee shall be chosen from among the members of the parent committee. Rule 191 Committee bureaux 1. At the first committee meeting after the election of committee members pursuant to Rule 186, the committee shall elect a bureau consisting of a chair and of vice-chairs who shall be elected in separate ballots. The number of vice-chairs to be elected shall be determined by Parliament upon a proposal by the Conference of Presidents. This Rule does not preclude the Chair of the main committee from involving the Chairs of the subcommittees in the work of the bureau or from permitting them to chair debates on issues specifically dealt with by the subcommittees in question – on the contrary, it allows this – provided that this way of proceeding is submitted to the bureau in its entirety for its consideration and that it receives the bureau's agreement. 2. Where the number of nominations corresponds to the number of seats to be filled, the election may take place by acclamation. If this is not the case, or at the request of one-sixth of the members of the committee, the election shall take place by secret ballot. If there is only one candidate, the election shall be won by an absolute majority of the votes cast, these to include votes cast for and against. If there is more than one candidate at the first ballot, the candidate who obtains an absolute majority of the votes cast, as defined in the preceding subparagraph, shall be elected. At the second ballot, the candidate who obtains the highest number of votes shall be elected. In the event of a tie, the oldest candidate shall be elected. Where a second ballot is required, new candidates may be nominated. Rule 192 Committee coordinators and