Answer given by Ms Hübner on behalf of the Commission (15 April 2008) On 27 September 2007 the Italian authorities (through the Dipartimento di Protezione Civile) presented a set of Solidarity Fund applications, relating to 9 different regions of Italy, including for Puglia. The Solidarity Fund Regulation Council Regulation (EC) No 2012/2002 of 11 November 2002 establishing the European Union Solidarity Fund, OJ L 311, 14.11.2002. requires in Article 4(1) that an application must be submitted no later than ten weeks after the date of the first damage caused by the disaster. The Commission's letter to the Head of the Civil Protection department of 27 September 2007 to which the Honourable Member refers requested additional information from the Italian authorities that, following a first reading of the applications, was required to allow further processing. This first letter was sent immediately after the applications were received by email in order to allow the Italian authorities to respect the imminent deadlines for at least two of the applications (those relating to Puglia and Abruzzo). For the other cases the deadlines had already expired or were unclear as the applications mentioned no starting date. This letter did not declare any of the applications admissible but stated the possibility that ‘based on the starting date of the disasters given for Puglia and Abruzzo applications for these two regions would still be admissible’. However, closer scrutiny of these cases revealed that the applications included forest fires which had started earlier than the date given by the Italian authorities for the first damage caused. Subsequently, by letter of 29 October 2007, all applications unfortunately had to be declared non-admissible because in none of the nine cases the 10 weeks deadline for presenting Solidarity Fund applications after the date of the first damage was respected. Regarding the application relating to the forest fires in Puglia, more specifically the date given by the Italian authorities for the first damage caused by the fires was 21 July 2007. However, the text of the application indicates that the first fires in the region broke out as early as 25 June 2007, 4 July 2007 and 18 July 2007. In cases where an application does not relate to a single event but to a series of similar events these must have a common underlying cause such as a series of forest fires caused by an exceptionally hot and dry meteorological condition.