207 of the Treaty, in particular in consultation with the committee established thereby and the European Parliament;’ Amendment 53 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 4 – point 3 – point b Regulation (EC) No 3286/94 Article 7 – paragraph 1 – point a a (new) (aa) Where reference is made to this paragraph, Article 4 of Regulation EU No 182/2011 shall apply. Amendment 54 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 4 – point 3 – point b Regulation (EC) No 3286/94 Article 7 – paragraph 1 – point b a (new) (ba) Where the opinion of the committee is to be obtained by written procedure, that procedure shall be terminated without result when, within the time-limit for delivery of the opinion, the chair of the committee so decides or a majority of committee members so request. Amendment 55 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 4 – point 6 – point a Regulation (EC) No 3286/94 Article 11 – paragraph 1 1. When it is found as a result of the examination procedure that the interests of the Union do not require any action to be taken, the procedure shall be terminated by the Commission acting in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 7(1)(b). 1. When it is found as a result of the examination procedure that the interests of the Union do not require any action to be taken, the procedure shall be terminated by the Commission acting in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 7(1)(b). The chair may obtain the committee´s opinion by means of the written procedure referred to in Article 7(1)(ba). Amendment 56 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 4 – point 6 – point b Regulation (EC) No 3286/94 Article 11 – paragraph 2 – point a 2. (a) When, after an examination procedure, the third country or countries concerned take(s) measures which are considered satisfactory, and therefore no action by the Union is required, the procedure may be suspended by the Commission acting in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 7(1)(b). 2. (a) When, after an examination procedure, the third country or countries concerned take(s) measures which are considered satisfactory, and therefore no action by the Union is required, the procedure may be suspended by the Commission acting in accordance with