be taken and that no amendments may be tabled. Rapporteur's recommendation Relations between the EU and Jordan are based on the Association Agreement which entered into force in 2002 and whose objective is to establish a free trade area between the EU and Jordan. Furthermore, both parties are cooperating closely on democratic reforms and the modernisation of the Jordanian economy. The European Union is Jordan's biggest trade partner after Saudi Arabia. The conclusion of a Euro-Mediterranean aviation agreement with Jordan has long been an EU priority, and it also represents an important element in the development of the EU's neighbourhood policy. External studies prepared for the Commission estimate that the conclusion of a Euro-Mediterranean aviation agreement with Jordan would generate 54 000 extra passengers and consumer benefits of up to EUR 30 million in the first year of market opening. A similar agreement negotiated with Morocco in 2006 resulted in a significant increase in flights between the EU and Morocco. Provision is made for the possibility of the agreement being extended in order to create a common Euro-Mediterranean aviation area covering all Mediterranean partners. The rapporteur is of the opinion that the conclusion of the Euro-Mediterranean aviation agreement with Jordan is in the interests of EU citizens and businesses and in line with European neighbourhood policy, and recommends that Parliament consent to its conclusion. RESULT OF FINAL VOTE IN COMMITTEE Date adopted 11.10.2011 Result of final vote +: –: 0: 37 1 1 Members present for the final vote Inés Ayala Sender, Georges Bach, Izaskun Bilbao Barandica, Antonio Cancian, Michael Cramer, Ryszard Czarnecki, Philippe De Backer, Luis de Grandes Pascual, Christine De Veyrac, Saïd El Khadraoui, Ismail Ertug, Carlo Fidanza, Knut Fleckenstein, Jacqueline Foster, Mathieu Grosch, Dieter-Lebrecht Koch, Werner Kuhn, Jörg Leichtfried, Marian-Jean Marinescu, Gesine Meissner, Mike Nattrass, Hubert Pirker, David-Maria Sassoli, Vilja Savisaar-Toomast, Olga Sehnalová, Debora Serracchiani, Brian Simpson, Keith Taylor, Silvia-Adriana Ţicău, Georgios Toussas, Giommaria Uggias, Thomas Ulmer, Peter van Dalen, Dominique Vlasto, Artur Zasada, Roberts Zīle Substitute(s) present for the final vote Dominique Riquet, Laurence J.A.J. Stassen Substitute(s) under Rule 187(2) present for the final vote Margrete Auken