Gaza Strip OJ C 156, 26.5.2011, p. 3. , – having regard to the Agreement between the European Community and the Government of Denmark and the Home Government of the Faroe Islands OJ L 53, 22.2.1997, p. 2. , – having regard to Rules 115(5) and 110(2) of its Rules of Procedure, A. whereas the pan-Euromed zone of diagonal cumulation of origin is based on a multitude of bilateral protocols on rules of origin that are too complex for businesses, particularly small and medium-sized enterprises, and countries to take advantage of; B. whereas in October 2007 the Lisbon Euromed Trade Ministerial gave the green light for the drafting of a convention that brings together all the protocols for the Pan-Euro Mediterranean area in one, simplified instrument, thus facilitating the use of Pan-Euromed cumulation of origin; whereas this convention was endorsed by the Ninth Union for the Mediterranean Trade Ministerial Conference of 11 November 2010; C. whereas the geographical scope of this convention has been broadened to include the participants in the Stabilisation and Association Process, effectively multiplying the benefits of Pan-Euromed cumulation of origin; D. whereas, although these are very positive steps, the result is that any abuse or circumvention of the rules on cumulation of origin would also have a wider geographical impact; E. whereas the EU has Association Agreements with both Israel and Palestine, both of which include a Free Trade Agreement containing separate and distinct provisions concerning preferential commercial treatment; F. whereas in its conclusion on the Middle East Peace Process on 8 December 2009 the Council of the European Union reiterates ‘that settlements are illegal under international law, constitute an obstacle to peace and threaten to make a two-state solution impossible’; G. whereas the EU’s position is that products from places brought under Israeli administration since 1967 are not entitled to preferential tariff treatment under the EU-Israel Association Agreement; H. whereas Israel's application of the EU-Israel Association Agreement to the Occupied Territories has resulted in the improper implementation of EU law, which, as confirmed by the Court of Justice in the Brita GmbH v Hauptzollamt Hamburg-Hafen case, does not permit Member States’ customs authorities to grant preferential treatment under the EU-Israel Association Agreement to products from Israeli-occupied territories; I. whereas European citizens have clearly expressed their will concerning products from Palestinian occupied territories; J. whereas the EU has been encountering a variety of problems when enforcing