maintaining or introducing more stringent protective measures, provided that they comply with the provisions of the Treaty. Justification More stringent measures can be applied if Member States wish. This is consistent with the Tissues and Cells Directive. Amendment 104 Proposal for a directive Article 27 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Member States shall communicate to the Commission the text of the main provisions of national law which they adopt in the field covered by this Directive. 2. Member States shall communicate to the Commission the text of the provisions of national law which they adopt in the field covered by this Directive. Justification The Member States should communicate all provisions of national law in the field covered by the directive. Amendment 105 Proposal for a directive Annex – Introduction Text proposed by the Commission Amendment For the purpose of Article 7 the following information shall be gathered by the procurement organisation or procurement team on the characteristics of the organ and of the donor, following testing where necessary and processed in line with the legal requirements on the protection of personal data and confidentiality: For the purpose of Article 7 the following information shall be gathered by the procurement organisation or procurement team on the characteristics of the organ and of the donor, bearing in mind the individual circumstances, and processed in line with the legal requirements on the protection of personal data and confidentiality . In the absence of data, a decision shall be taken about the transplant after individual risk assessment of the donor and the recipient : Justification The addition makes allowances for the fact that all the information and data provided for in the Annex or organ and donor characterisation are not always available or obtainable. This must not rule out transplants in individual cases. Without this addition, the number of donor organs would fall still further. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Organ transplantation has been transformed from an extraordinary exercise in immunobiology to the most practical way of rehabilitating patients with a wide variety of illnesses resulting in fatal kidney, liver, heart, lung and pancreas diseases. Over past five decades, it has become an established and efficient worldwide practice which tremendously improves quality of life and extents life expectancy. Moreover, organ donation is a gift and supports expression of altruism and solidarity in the society. Nonetheless, the need for organ transplantation in the