results of the tests and information mentioned in Annex IV. 2. Whenever substances and/or preparations covered by this Regulation are placed on the market, the manufacturer shall be responsible for the correct performance of the relevant tests mentioned above. He shall also have available documentation on the testing carried out to demonstrate compliance with this Regulation, and to show that he is allowed to benefit from the property rights concerning the test results, other than for those test results already in the public domain. 3. Manufacturers placing on the market the preparations covered by this Regulation shall, upon request, make available without delay and free of charge, to any medical personnel, an ingredient datasheet as stipulated in Annex VII C. This is without prejudice to the right of a Member State to request that such a datasheet be made available to a specific public body to which the Member State has assigned the task of providing this information to medical personnel. The information contained in the datasheet shall be kept confidential by the specific public body and by the medical personnel, and shall be used only for medical purposes. Article 10 Control measures 1. Member States' competent authorities may apply, as appropriate, all necessary control measures to detergents placed on the market which ensure the compliance of the product with the provisions of this Regulation. The reference method shall be the test and analytical methods referred to in Annex VIII. These control measures shall not oblige manufacturers to repeat tests made by laboratories fulfilling the conditions indicated in Article 8(2), or to pay for any repeat or additional test, provided the initial test has shown compliance of detergents, or surfactants used as ingredients in detergents, with this Regulation. 2. In cases of concern that a test carried out in accordance with the methods listed in Annex II, III, IV or VIII has produced false positive results, the Member States' competent authorities shall notify the Commission and the Commission shall, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12(2), verify those results and take the necessary measures. Article 11 Labelling 1. The provisions of this Article are without prejudice to the provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous substances and preparations in Directives 67/548/EEC and 1999/45/EC. 2. The following information must appear in legible, visible and indelible characters on the packaging in which the detergents are put