1. The provisions of this Article are without prejudice to the provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous substances and preparations in Directives 67/548/EEC and 1999/45/EC. 2. The following information must appear in legible, visible and indelible characters on the packaging in which the detergents are put up for sale to the consumer: a) the name and trade name of the product; b) the name or trade name or trademark and full address and telephone number of the party responsible for placing the product on the market; c) the address, email address, where available, and telephone number from which the datasheet referred to in Article 9(3) can be obtained. The same information must appear on all documents accompanying detergents transported in bulk. 3. The packaging of detergents shall indicate the content, in accordance with the specifications provided for in Annex VII A. It shall also indicate instructions for use and special precautions, if required. 4. Additionally, the packaging of detergents sold to the general public intended to be used as laundry detergents shall bear the information provided for in Annex VII B. 5. In cases where a Member State has a national requirement to label in the national language(s), the manufacturer and distributor shall comply with that requirement for the information specified in paragraphs 3 and 4. 6. Paragraphs 1 to 5 are without prejudice to existing national rules according to which graphic representations of fruits which may lead the user into error as to the use of liquid products, shall not appear on the packaging in which the detergents are put up for sale to the consumer. Article 12 Committee procedure 1. The Commission shall be assisted by a committee. 2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Articles 5 and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof. The period laid down in Article 5(6) of Decision 1999/468/EC shall be set at three months. 3. The committee shall adopt its Rules of Procedure. Article 13 Adaptation of the Annexes 1. The amendments necessary for adapting the Annexes shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 12(2), and shall, wherever possible, use European Standards. 2. In particular, the amendments or additions necessary for applying the rules of this Regulation to solvent-based detergents shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 12(2).