WRITTEN QUESTION E-1978/10 by Luigi de Magistris (ALDE) to the Commission (6 April 2010) Subject: Threat to the independence of the Italian media watchdog In Italy, Law No 249 of 31 July 1997 established a media watchdog (Communication Guarantees Authority — AGCOM), an independent authority with the dual task of ensuring proper competition between operators on the market and protecting citizens' fundamental freedoms, including social, political and economic pluralism in the radio and TV sector. Independence and autonomy are thus the characteristic features of its work, for which it is directly accountable to the Italian parliament. On 17 March 2010, newspapers such as ‘ Il Giornale ’, ‘ Il Corriere della Sera ’ and ‘ La Repubblica ’ published excerpts from telephone conversations regarding the recent investigation by the Trani Public Prosecutor's Office into pressure which Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is alleged to have brought to bear on the RAI (Radiotelevisione italiana) management and Giancarlo Innocenzi, the AGCOM Commissioner for Services and Products, to secure the cancellation of a TV programme he disapproved of, Annozero, and to prevent a number of ‘hostile journalists’ from appearing on TV programmes: ‘(…) You sicken me… What kind of organisation are you?… What are you trying to do?… I've had enough! What now needs to be done (…) is to ensure that your action encourages RAI to say: let's close everything down! (…) This authority stinks! You are not justifying the money you are being paid’. This is apparently what was said in the intercepted telephone conversations. If these reports are true, does the Commission not consider that this extremely serious case of interference by the Italian Prime Minister is a threat to AGCOM's independence and autonomy and a breach of the principles enshrined in the new audiovisual media services directive (2007/65/EC OJ L 332, 18.12.2007, p. 27. ), in particular Article 30 thereof? Does the Commission not also consider that the Italian Prime Minister's attempt to discriminate against certain journalists and TV programmes constitutes a violation of the principle of media pluralism, which is enshrined in Article 11(2) of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights and forms the very basis of AGCOM's mandate?