short, the President of the Commission will seriously consider Parliament's position. 7. If the President of the Commission intends to reshuffle the allocation of responsibilities amongst the Members of the Commission during its term of office pursuant to Article 248 TFEU he/she shall inform Parliament in due time for the relevant parliamentary consultation with regard to those changes. The President's decision to reshuffle the portfolios can take effect immediately. 8. When the Commission comes forward with a revision of the Code of Conduct for Commissioners relating to conflict of interest or ethical behaviour, it will seek Parliament's opinion. III. CONSTRUCTIVE DIALOGUE AND FLOW OF INFORMATION (i) General provisions 9. The Commission guarantees that it will apply the basic principle of equal treatment for Parliament and the Council, especially as regards access to meetings and the provision of contributions or other information, in particular on legislative and budgetary matters. 10. Within its competences, the Commission shall take measures to better involve Parliament in such a way as to take Parliament's views into account as far as possible in the area of the Common Foreign and Security Policy. 11. A number of arrangements are made to implement the "special partnership" between Parliament and the Commission, as follows: - the President of the Commission will at Parliament's request meet the Conference of Presidents at least twice a year to discuss issues of common interest; - the President of the Commission will have a regular dialogue with the President of Parliament on key horizontal issues and major legislative proposals. This dialogue should also include invitations to the President of Parliament to attend meetings of the College of Commissioners; - the President of the Commission or the Vice-President responsible for inter-institutional relations is to be invited to attend meetings of the Conference of Presidents and the Conference of Committee Chairs when specific issues relating to plenary agenda-setting, inter-institutional relations between Parliament and the Commission and legislative and budgetary matters are to be discussed; - meetings shall take place annually between the Conference of Presidents and the Conference of Committee Chairs and the College of Commissioners, to discuss relevant issues including the preparation and implementation of the Commission Work Programme; - the Conference of Presidents and the Conference of Committee Chairs shall inform the Commission in due time of the results of their discussions having an inter-institutional dimension. Parliament shall also keep the Commission fully and