directing, supporting of or participating in the activities of a racist or xenophobic group, with the intention of contributing to the organisation’s criminal activities. (f) directing, supporting of or participating in the activities of a racist or xenophobic group, with the intention of contributing to activities which are criminal within the meaning of this Framework Decision . Justification The purpose of these changes is to make it clear that the offences should be committed with a racist or xenophobic motive or intent. This should make the offences clearer and avoid prosecutions where, for instance, racist or xenophobic material is distributed for a legitimate purpose (e.g. by a university lecturer during a history course). The amendment also seeks to make it easier to bring a prosecution for the offence of holocaust denial (indent (d)), yet without going so far as to make this an absolute offence. Lastly, the change to indent (f) is intended to clarify the text. Amendment 9 Article 6, paragraph 4 4. Member States shall ensure that ancillary or alternative sanctions such as community service or participation in training courses, deprivation of certain civil or political rights or publication of all or part of a sentence may be imposed or foreseen for the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5. 4. Member States shall ensure that ancillary or alternative sanctions such as community service or participation in training courses, deprivation of certain civil or political rights or publication of all or part of a sentence may be provided for in respect of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5. Justification Clarification. Amendment 10 Article 6, paragraph 5 Member States shall ensure that fines can be imposed or payment for charitable purposes accepted in respect of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5. Member States shall ensure that fines can be imposed or , where provision is made for payments for charitable purposes in the national legal order, payment for charitable purposes accepted in respect of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5. Justification Not all Member States make provision for such payments in their national law Amendment 11 Article 7 Member States shall ensure that in cases where the perpetrator of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 is acting in the exercise of a professional activity and the victim is depending on this activity , the sentence can