shall form the basis for the mandate of the EP negotiating team. The committee may also determine priorities and a time limit for negotiations. In the exceptional case of negotiations on a first reading agreement before the vote in committee, the committee shall provide guidance to the EP negotiating team. 5. Organisation of trilogues As a matter of principle and in order to enhance transparency, trilogues taking place within the European Parliament and Council shall be announced. Negotiations in trilogues shall be based on one joint document, indicating the position of the respective institution with regard to each individual amendment, and also including any compromise texts distributed at trilogue meetings (e.g. established practice of a four-column document). As far as possible, compromise texts submitted for discussion at a forthcoming meeting shall be circulated in advance to all participants. If necessary, interpretation facilities should be provided to the EP negotiating team In line with the decision taken by the Bureau of 10 December 2007. . 6. Feedback and decision on agreement reached After each trilogue, the negotiating team shall report back to the committee on the outcome of the negotiations and make all texts distributed available to the committee. If this is not possible for timing reasons, the negotiating team shall meet the shadow rapporteurs, if necessary together with the coordinators, for a full update. The committee shall consider any agreement reached or update the mandate of the negotiating team in the case that further negotiations are required. If this is not possible for timing reasons, notably at second reading stage, the decision on the agreement shall be taken by the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs, if necessary together with the committee chair and the coordinators. There shall be sufficient time between the end of the negotiations and the vote in plenary to allow political groups to prepare their final position. 7. Assistance The negotiating team shall be provided with all the resources necessary for it to conduct its work properly. This should include an 'administrative support team' made up of the committee secretariat, political advisor of the rapporteur, the codecision secretariat and the legal service. Depending on the individual file and on the stage of the negotiations, this team could be enlarged. 8. Finalisation The agreement between Parliament and Council shall be confirmed in writing by an official letter. No changes shall be made to any agreed texts without the