answered the question and supplementaries by Kyriacos Triantaphyllides (deputising for the author) and Panagiotis Beglitis . Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive written answers ( see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings ) . Council Question Time closed. (The sitting was suspended at 19.05 and resumed at 21.00.) IN THE CHAIR: Luigi COCILOVO Vice-President 13 Appointments to interparliamentary delegations (proposal by the Conference of Presidents) The President announced that he had received a proposal from the Conference of Presidents on appointments to the Delegation for relations with the countries of south Asia, the Delegation for relations with India and the Delegation for relations with Afghanistan. Vote: Thursday, 15.03.2007, noon. Deadline for tabling amendments: Thursday, 15.03.2007, 10.00. 14 Hepatitis C (written declaration) Written declaration 87/2006, submitted by Jolanta Dičkutė, John Bowis, Stephen Hughes, Frédérique Ries and Thomas Ulmer on hepatitis C, had been signed by the majority of Parliament's component Members. Consequently, in accordance with Rule 116(4), it would be forwarded to its addressees and published, together with the names of the signatories, in the Texts Adopted of the sitting of 29.03.2007. 15 Reform of EU trade policy instruments (debate) Oral question ( O-0002/2007 ) by Enrique Barón Crespo , on behalf of the INTA Committee, to the Commission: Commission Green Paper and public consultation on a possible reform of EU trade policy instruments ( B6-0009/2007 ) Ignasi Guardans Cambó (deputising for the author) moved the oral question. Peter Mandelson (Member of the Commission) answered the oral question. The following spoke: Christofer Fjellner , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, David Martin , on behalf of the PSE Group, Gianluca Susta , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Zbigniew Krzysztof Kuźmiuk , on behalf of the UEN Group, Carl Schlyter , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Béla Glattfelder , Kader Arif , Leopold Józef Rutowicz , Daniel Caspary , Panagiotis Beglitis , Danutė Budreikaitė , Francisco Assis , Benoît Hamon and Peter Mandelson . The debate closed. 16 Compliance with the Charter of Fundamental Rights (debate) Report on compliance with the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the Commission's legislative proposals: methodology for systematic and rigorous monitoring ( 2005/2169(INI) ) - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Johannes Voggenhuber ( A6-0034/2007 ) Johannes Voggenhuber introduced the report. Peter Mandelson (Member of the Commission) spoke. The following spoke: Riccardo Ventre (draftsman of