capacity. The resources available will be used to encourage the development of cooperation between Member States in drawing up, implementing, testing and evaluating interoperability of public health emergency plans for both unexpected health threats (e.g. SARS) and expected contingencies (e.g. pandemic influenza). The agencies: EEA, EMEA, EFSA and ECDC The proposed subsidy for the European Environment Agency (EEA) totals €27.650m, which is €0.750m more than in 2005. There is a small shift between administrative expenditure and operational expenditure, due to the entry into force of the new Staff Regulations. The Commission proposes a considerable increase to the overall budget of the European Medicines Agency (+17.3%). The increase is due to the new pharmaceutical legislation, which will be fully in force in 2006. It gives the Agency a wide range of new tasks. There is also a small increase (€0.3m) for the subsidy for fee waivers for orphan drugs. The total amount proposed for this purpose is €4.0m. In 2006, the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) will be fully located and operational in its permanent seat in Parma. The Commission is proposing a budget of €46.6m, of which €14.6 would be for operational expenditure and €32m for administrative expenditure. The proposed budget corresponds to the original financial plans that accompanied the regulation establishing the Authority. It also covers the new tasks given to EFSA after the adoption of that regulation. The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDPC) has started to operate in May 2005 and it is now in a 'building-up' phase. The total appropriations for the ECDC are €15.3m, of which €7.0m will be reserved for administrative expenditure and €8.3m for operational expenditure. Following the higher salary costs in Stockholm and the higher travelling costs than initially foreseen, the Commission proposes an increase of €1m compared to the original financial statement of the establishing regulation. Chemicals The responsibility for the preparatory work for REACH has been given to DG ENTR. A budget line has been created (02 04 04, p.m.). The credits for the transitional phase and the preparatory work needed are on budget line 02 04 01 ("Operation and development of the Internal Market"). SUGGESTIONS The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety calls on the Committee on Budgets, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: 1. Draws attention to the role of EU environmental policy in