Parliament to be able to access classified documents for the effective exercise of its competences and prerogatives. 2.3. In the event of any doubt as to the confidential nature of an item of information or its appropriate level of classification, or where it is necessary to lay down the appropriate arrangements for it to be forwarded in accordance with one of the options set out in point 3.2, the two Institutions shall consult each other without delay and before transmission of the document. In these consultations, Parliament shall be represented by the chair of the parliamentary body concerned, accompanied, where necessary, by the rapporteur, or the office-holder who submitted the request. The Commission shall be represented by the Member of the Commission with responsibility for that area, after consultation of the Member of the Commission responsible for security matters. In the event of a disagreement, the matter shall be referred to the Presidents of the two Institutions so that they may resolve the dispute. 2.4. If, at the end of the procedure referred to in point 2.3, no agreement has been reached, the President of Parliament, in response to a reasoned request from the parliamentary body/office-holder who submitted the request, shall call on the Commission to forward, within the appropriate deadline duly indicated, the confidential information in question, selecting the arrangements from among the options laid down in point 3.2 of this Annex. Before the expiry of that deadline, the Commission shall inform Parliament in writing of its final position, in respect of which Parliament reserves the right, if appropriate, to exercise its right to seek redress. 2.5. Access to EUCI shall be granted in accordance with applicable rules for personal security clearance. 2.5.1. Access to information classified as " TRÈS SECRET UE /EU TOP SECRET", "SECRET UE" and "CONFIDENTIEL UE" may only be granted to Parliament officials and those employees of Parliament working for political groups to whom it is strictly necessary, who have been designated in advance by the parliamentary body/office-holder as having a need to know and who have been given an appropriate security clearance. 2.5.2. In light of Parliament's prerogatives and competences, those Members who have not been given a personal security clearance shall be granted access to "CONFIDENTIEL UE" documents under practical arrangements defined by common accord, including signature of a solemn declaration that they will not disclose the contents of those documents to any