Question for written answer E-001465/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Andreas Mölzer (NI) (18 February 2011) Subject: Religious freedom and protection for minorities in Turkey — expropriation of a Christian monastery In accordance with the recent ruling by the Supreme Court in Ankara, which follows years of legal wrangling, the Christian monastery Mor Gabriel, one of the oldest monasteries in Christendom, is to lose much of its land. It is clear from the indictment that targeted action is being taken against religions and minorities. For example, it was claimed that agricultural earnings from the land were being used to fund anti-Turkish activities, such as teaching in the Christian Aramaic language. The disputes over the land boundaries started when surveying work was carried out to draw up land registries in accordance with EU guidelines. Further legal proceedings are still pending, including a case involving a piece of woodland that had not been used for many years after the exodus of large numbers of Syriac Orthodox Christians, and that is defined by the Turkish Forestry Ministry as a forest and thus as state property. Turkey is miles away from safeguarding fundamental values such as protection for minorities and religious freedom, which is necessary if it is to join the EU. It is said that several hundred Muslims in Turkey convert to Christianity every year. Nevertheless, the Christian community is still not allowed to train its priests and teach in minority languages. Christian churches still have no secure legal status, and non-Muslims are still denied access to civil service jobs. Many Christian sites in the Turkish-occupied part of Cyprus have been robbed or even destroyed. 1. What influence will the expropriation of religious sites have on the current accession negotiations? 2. What signal will the EU send to Turkey, as a candidate for accession, to underline the fact that human rights and religious freedom must apply without any restriction in Turkey too? 3. Will the EU support the Mor Gabriel monastery? 4. If so, how? If not, why not? 5. To what extent is the EU helping to secure a firm legal status for Christian churches in Turkey? 6. What stance does the EU take on the large number of paintings and other works of art stolen from churches in northern Cyprus?