South West), on behalf of the Citizens’ Freedoms and Rights Committee, is also the author of an oral question on the EU’s principles with regard to agreements with non-member states on readmission. On 10 April 2002 the Commission adopted a Green Paper on an EU policy on illegal residents. The Green Paper prompted a number of different reactions among the Member States, international organisations and NGOs. There is broad agreement on the importance of drawing up a policy of this kind, especially by means of voluntary repatriation and co-operation with the countries of origin. The differences of opinion centre on possible recourse to compulsory repatriation. Mr Watson will be asking the Commission to set out what criteria are applied to ascertain whether a country for repatriation is 'safe'. On a broader point, Mr Watson points out that Parliament has always maintained that repatriation measures and readmission agreements themselves should be integrated in the Union's broader foreign policy; this, according to the oral question, might be achieved by means of the formal adoption, by the European Council, of a specific Union 'common strategy.' Mr Watson will, therefore, be asking the Commission whether they think it is appropriate to hold preparatory meetings between foreign ministers and immigration ministers and the European Parliament and the Commission in order to draw up such a strategy. Constitutional Affairs The Role of the Regions in the EU of the Future Giorgio NAPOLITANO (PES, I) Report on the role of regional and local authorities in European integration (2002/141(INI)) Doc.: A5-0427/2002 Procedure : Own-initiative report Debate : 16.12.2002 Giorgio NAPOLITANO (PES, I) the chairman of the Constitutional Affairs will be tabling an own-initiative draft resolution on the role of regional and local authorities in European integration. The draft resolution contains general recommendations as well as proposals for amendments to certain articles of the Treaties. MEPs in the committee believe that the hierarchical pyramid structure of the EU's institutional system should be abandoned and that local and regional authorities should be more involved in the European decision-making process. The committee calls on the Commission, when drafting legislation and devising EU policies, to involve in the process, on a full and regular basis, those who are required to implement these laws and policies. The precise arrangements for participation by regional and local authorities would be determined by national structures. The Committee of the Regions or European bodies representing regional, urban