Answer given by Mr Dimas on behalf of the Commission (20 October 2006) Under Council Directive 96/61/EC, of 24 September 1996, concerning Integrated Pollution Prevention and Control OJ L 257, 10.10.1996. (IPPC Directive), competent authorities are required to issue for each installation a permit including emission limit values or equivalent parameters and technical parameters based on best available techniques (BAT), taking into account the technical characteristics of the installation concerned, its geographical location and the local environmental conditions. As stated in Recital 18 of the directive, it is for the Member States to determine how these local conditions can, where appropriate, be taken into consideration. As a consequence, a certain flexibility is left to Member States in the implementation of the directive. A complete harmonisation across the EU of the emission limit values set in the permits of the various installations can not therefore, be expected through the implementation of this legislation. However, Member States have to ensure that the directive is fully implemented and that, in particular, a high level of environmental protection taken as a whole is achieved. The directive also requires, in Article 3, that the necessary measures are taken by Member States to ensure in particular that all the appropriate preventive measures are taken by the operators and that no significant pollution is caused. In addition, in issuing permits and as required by Annex IV relating to the definition of BAT, the competent authorities must take account of the best available techniques reference documents (BREFs) published by the Commission pursuant to Article 16(2) of the IPPC Directive. The BREFs do not set legally binding standards but they are to be taken into account by competent authorities when considering permit applications and establishing permit conditions. Furthermore, the BREFs contain conclusions on the techniques considered as BAT for a sector as a whole and on the consumption and emission levels associated with the use of these BATs. BAT‑related consumption and emissions levels provide information on the potential environmental performance of such a technique if implemented in the sector concerned taking account of the incurred costs and benefits. For IPPC installations falling under the scope of Directive 2000/76/EC OJ L 332, 28.12.2000. of the Parliament and of the Council, of 4 December 2000, on the incineration of waste, compliance with the emission limit values laid down in Directive 2000/76/EC is a necessary but not sufficient condition for overall compliance.