be five to one, and by 2060 two to one); whereas this trend varies depending on demographic differences between Member States, D. whereas the provision of adequate, sustainable and safe pensions is inextricably linked with higher levels of employment, greater productivity and economic growth, E. whereas the economic governance of the European Union should take into account the holistic approach as presented in the Green Paper, F. whereas the financial crisis has led to a growth in unemployment, poverty and social exclusion, rising budget deficits in many Member States and problems in the financing of pensions (whether tax or otherwise funded), and has demonstrated the fragility of certain pension fund systems, G. whereas the goal of a 75% employment rate laid down in the EU 2020 Strategy should help secure the sustainability of pension systems, H. whereas the increasing prevalence of interim or precarious jobs is reducing contributions to pension systems and damaging the stability of those systems and the adequacy of future pensions, I. whereas risk mitigation and shock absorption need to be taken into account in the design of pension funds, J. whereas people who devote their time and skills to bringing up children or caring for the elderly should receive social recognition and whereas this could be done by giving such persons individual rights, particularly regarding pensions, K. whereas equality between women and men is a value, an objective and a fundamental right in the Union and EU institutions have the duty to include gender equality in all their actions, L. whereas women face direct and indirect discrimination in different pensions-related aspects in the European Union, M. whereas the projected impact of pension reforms is usually based on a male, full-time, full career and an average earner profile, and whereas actuarial gender-based life tables have a negative impact on women’s pension calculations and provide a lower replacement rate for women, N. whereas older women are in a particularly precarious position when their right to a pension income is derived from their marital status (spousal or survivor benefits) and when they do not have adequate pension rights of their own due to career breaks, GENERAL EU level and Member States 1. Welcomes the holistic approach adopted by the Green Paper, which intends to impart fresh impetus at national and EU level with the objective of establishing robust, long-term adequate, sustainable and safe pension systems, safeguarding the subsidiarity principle;