those authorities and the need to protect the confidentiality of personal data (European Parliament and Council Directive 95/46/EC)( 1 ). ___________ ( 1 ) OJ L 281, 23.11.1995, p. 31. (Amendment 15) Recital 14 (14) Any content policy action should be complementary to other ongoing Community initiatives, and be performed in synergy with actions under the fifth Framework Programme for Research and Development, the Framework Programme for Culture, the Media programmes, with Community education actions, SME actions, and with the Structural Funds. (14) Any content policy action should be complementary to other ongoing Community initiatives, and be performed in synergy with actions under the fifth Framework Programme for Research and Development, the sixth Framework Programme for Research and Development , the Framework Programme for Culture, the Media programmes, with Community education actions, SME actions, and with the Structural Funds. (Amendment 16) Recital 14a (new) (14a) In accordance with the decision taken by the European Council at its meeting in Lisbon on 23 and 24 March 2000, the Council and the Commission are to report by the end of 2000 on the ongoing review of EIB and EIF financial instruments in order to redirect funding towards support for business start-ups, high-tech firms and micro-enterprises, as well as other risk-capital initiatives proposed by the EIB. In this context, special attention must be paid to digital content producers. (Amendment 17) Recital 15 (15) Complementarity and synergy with related Community initiatives and programmes should be ensured by the Commission through appropriate coordination mechanisms, (15) Complementarity and synergy with related Community initiatives and programmes should be ensured by the Commission through appropriate coordination mechanisms, with a view to learning from this so that in future the problem of content can be covered by a single EU programme, instead of several. (Amendment 18) Recital 16 (16) Progress of this programme should be continuously and systematically monitored with a view to adapting it, where appropriate, to developments in the digital content market. In due course there should be an independent assessment of the progress of the programme so as to provide the background information needed in order to determine the objectives for subsequent content policy actions. At the end of this programme, there should be a final assessment of the results obtained compared with the objectives set out in this Decision. (16) Progress of this programme should be continuously and systematically monitored with a view to reporting