provide irrigation to eastern Wyoming and western Nebraska.", " Guernsey helps control the river flow and stores water released from the project's primary storage upstream at Pathfinder Reservoir.", " About 8 mi downstream of the dam the Whalen Diversion Dam diverts water into the Fort Laramie and Interstate Canals that service farms in Wyoming and Nebraska." ] ], [ "Framingham Reservoir No. 1 Dam and Gatehouse", [ "The Framingham Reservoir No. 1 Dam and Gatehouse are a historic water works facility in Framingham, Massachusetts.", " They are located at the end of Framingham Reservoir No. 1, which is also known as the Stearns Reservoir, off Winter Street and north of Long Avenue.", " They were constructed 1876-78 as part of an expansion of the water supply of the city of Boston and were designed by its first city architect George A. Clough.", " The historical purpose of the reservoir, which was located at the confluence of two branches of the Sudbury River, was primarily to control the river's water level, and secondarily to provide reserve supply capacity.", " The reservoir's reserve capacity was generally used only as a backup supply as the reservoir's muddy bottom made it a less desirable source than reservoir 3 upstream.", " However the reservoir no. 1 system was nonetheless important due to its role in controlling the flow of the river downstream and due to the gatehouse which controlled the water flows for all the Framingham reservoirs into the Sudbury Aqueduct.", " Reservoir No. 1 is no longer maintained as a reserve water source, although it is still owned by the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority, successor to the Boston Water Board which oversaw its construction.", " MWRA retains ownership as the gatehouse contains the connection between Reservoir No. 3 and the Sudbury Aqueudct which remain part of the emergency water systems." ] ], [ "Guernsey State Park", [ "Guernsey State Park is a public recreation area surrounding the Guernsey Reservoir, an impoundment of the North Platte River, near the town of Guernsey in Platte County, Wyoming.", " The state park features multiple campgrounds, boat ramps, and hiking trails as well as exceptional examples of structures created by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s.", " Facilities are managed for the Bureau of Reclamation by the Wyoming Division of State Parks and Historic Sites." ] ], [ "Lower Peirce Reservoir", [ "The Lower Peirce Reservoir (Chinese: