composition and term of office shall be defined at the same time as the decision to set them up is taken; their term of office may not exceed 12 months, except where Parliament extends that term on its expiry. As the powers, composition and term of office of special committees are decided at the same time as those committees are set up, Parliament cannot subsequently decide to alter their powers by either increasing or reducing them. Rule 185 Committees of inquiry 1. Parliament may, at the request of one quarter of its component Members, set up a committee of inquiry to investigate alleged contraventions of Union law or alleged maladministration in the application of Union law which would appear to be the act of an institution or body of the European Union, of a public administrative body of a Member State, or of persons empowered by Union law to implement that law. The decision to set up a committee of inquiry shall be published in the Official Jour nal of the E uropea n Union within one month. In addition, Parliament shall take all the necessary steps to make this decision as widely known as possible. 2. The modus operandi of a committee of inquiry shall be governed by the provisions of these Rules relating to committees, save as otherwise specifically provided for in this Rule and in the Decision of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission of 19 April 1995 on the detailed provisions governing the exercise of the European Parliament's right of inquiry, which is annexed to these Rules See Annex IX. . 3. The request to set up a committee of inquiry must specify precisely the subject of the inquiry and include a detailed statement of the grounds for it. Parliament, on a proposal from the Conference of Presidents, shall decide whether to set up a committee and, if it decides to do so, on its composition, in accordance with Rule 186. 4. A committee of inquiry shall conclude its work by submitting a report within not more than 12 months. Parliament may twice decide to extend this period by three months. Only full members or, in their absence, permanent substitutes may vote in a committee of inquiry. 5. A committee of inquiry shall elect its Chair and two Vice-Chairs and appoint one or more rapporteurs. The committee may also assign responsibilities, duties or specific