need for continuing research on the role and impact of inshore fisheries, with a view to ensuring, as with all fishing activities, that they are kept at a sustainable level; 7. Considers that specific research is required into the issue of the protection of fishing within three nautical miles of the shore by vessels of up to 12 m in length using passive gear; 8. Proposes eliminating the use of fishing gear that jeopardises the sustainability of coastal stocks and the viability of the social fabric related to the fisheries sector; 9. Recognises the difficulties of establishing a common definition at EU level of inshore fisheries, and therefore believes that there is an urgent need for those involved to lay down minimum criteria which are acceptable to all and which establish the necessary balance between coastal, offshore and recreational fishing activities; 10. Believes that the minimum criteria must take account of, inter alia, aspects such as the following: a) small-scale inshore fisheries; b) the length of vessels; c) the distance from the home port within which vessels operate, having regard to the different geographical and maritime conditions in the Member States; d) a maximum length of time during which the vessel is away from home; e) vessels which return to port daily and sell their catch fresh; 11. Believes that a harmonised approach to the collection of inshore fisheries data is essential in order to provide accurate data on inshore fisheries activities - a prerequisite for the establishment of a common definition; 12. Invites the Commission, as a matter of urgency, to propose ways of harmonising data on inshore fisheries throughout the European Union, safeguarding the characteristics of the individual national and regional fisheries; 13. Underlines that there is an urgent need to address the multiple problems in the inshore fishing sector, notably in the areas of management, structural improvement, development, education and training; 14. Believes that it is essential for inshore fisherman and dependent communities to be more directly involved in processing and trading in order to strengthen their profit base and improve their living standards; 15. Proposes maintaining support within the sector for the processing of fisheries products in the most remote regions, in particular aid for olive oil used for tuna canning; 16. Calls on the Commission to recognise the specific nature of inshore and traditional fishing in the CFP, and to determine how far the existing