other national waters. ________________ 1. OJ L 255, 30.9.2005, p. 11 Justification Directive 2005/35, as amended by Directive 2009/123, gives Member States the responsibility of providing for criminal penalties in respect of discharges of polluting substances to which the Directive applies. It also gives the Agency a key role in developing technical solutions and providing technical assistance. However, to date, Member States have shown widely varying degrees of enthusiasm in fulfilling their responsibilities. Amendment 14 Proposal for a regulation Recital 8 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (8) Recent events highlighted the risks of offshore oil and gas exploration and production activities to maritime transport and the marine environment. The use of the Agency's response capabilities should be explicitly extended to cover response to pollution originating from such activities. In addition, the Agency should assist the Commission in analysing the safety of mobile offshore gas and oil installations, in order to identify possible weaknesses, basing its contribution on the expertise it has developed with regard to maritime safety, maritime security, the prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. (8) Recent events highlighted the risks of offshore oil and gas exploration and production activities to maritime transport and the marine environment. The use of the Agency's capabilities should be explicitly extended to cover pollution originating from such activities. In addition, the Agency should assist the Commission in analysing the safety of offshore gas and oil installations, in order to identify possible weaknesses, basing its contribution on the expertise it has developed with regard to maritime safety, maritime security, the prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. This additional role, which offers European added value by making use of the Agency's existing knowledge and expertise, should be accompanied by appropriate financial and staff resources. Justification While the Agency offers a cost-effective solution in view of its existing expertise and technical systems, it is unrealistic to imagine that new tasks can be absorbed without some additional resources. Applying a strict budgetary freeze would threaten the Agency's ability to fulfil its existing responsibilities in terms of preventing and responding to pollution from ships. Amendment 15 Proposal for a regulation Recital 8 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (8a) In particular, the Agency’s CleanSeaNet system, which is currently used to provide photographic evidence of oil spills from ships, should also be used to detect and