Community products and imports. Along the same lines, they suggest that the production and marketing of organic foods should be taken into account in development aid and the promotion of fair trade practices. 03.02.2005 Committee on Agriculture In the chair: Joseph DAUL (EPP-ED/FR) Procedure - Own-initiative report Press enquiries: Pernilla Jourde - Tel. (32-2) 28 43411 e-mail: pjourde@europarl.eu.int MEPs ask for a fresh proposal on patents for computer-implemented inventions Parliament's Legal Affairs Committee voted on Wednesday to ask the Commission to present a fresh proposal on the patenting of computer-implemented inventions (CII). The decision, taken by 19 votes in favour, 1 against and 1 abstention, means that Parliament President Josep BORRELL will now formally present this request to the Commission, under rule 55 of the EP's Rules of Procedure, after consultation of the Conference of Presidents. Parliament's first-reading position on the controversial proposed directive in September 2003 adopted a number of amendments designed to ensure that patents would not be issued for pure software, thus seeking to address concerns expressed by the open source community. It also sought a strict definition of "invention" as a contribution to the state of the art in a technical field. To deserve a patent, a technical contribution should be new, non-obvious and susceptible to industrial application. However, most of Parliament's amendments were rejected by the Council, which has since been unable to reach agreement on the proposal. Before the vote, the rapporteur Michel ROCARD (PES, FR), pressed Internal Market Commissioner Charlie McCREEVY to say how he would proceed in light of the current deadlock but the Commissioner refused to be drawn, simply saying, "I am leaving all my options open in this matter." Procedural questions Although a large majority of the committee called for a fresh proposal under Rule 55, some MEPs, notably Klaus-Heiner LEHNE (EPP-ED, DE), stressed that the Commission is still at liberty to decide what to do. That observation was made in reply to Mr Rocard's impassioned plea against a new referral, which he feared would result in a long delay in the adoption of legislation which is necessary - even if unacceptable in its current form. While some Members clearly thought that the proposal has no future, others argued that a compromise solution can be found, as long as the Council and Commission are willing to work on a fresh draft, incorporating the Parliament's first-reading amendments. 02.02.2005 Committee on Legal