alone or in combination with other non-herbal ingredients, that fulfils the conditions laid down in Article 16a; 30. Herbal medicinal product: any medicinal product in different preparations, containing one or more active ingredients, at pharmacologically active levels, originating from herbal, plant or other vegetable substances, for the efficacy and safety of which there is well-documented experimental and clinical evidence; 31. Herbal substances: all mainly whole, fragmented or cut plants, plant parts, algae, fungi and lichen in an unprocessed, usually dried form but sometimes also fresh. Certain exudates that have not been subjected to a specific treatment are also considered to be herbal substances. Herbal substances are precisely defined by the plant part used and the botanical name according to the binomial system (genus, species, variety and author); 32. Herbal preparations: preparations obtained by subjecting herbal substances to treatments such as extraction, distillation, expression, fractionation, purification, concentration and fermentation. These include comminuted or powdered herbal substances, tinctures, extracts, essential oils, expressed juices and processed exudates. (2) The following new chapter 2a is inserted in title III: Chapter 2a: Specific provisions applicable to traditional herbal medicinal products Article 16a A simplified registration procedure (hereinafter "traditional use registration") is hereby introduced for herbal medicinal products which fulfil the following criteria: a) they are classified as available without medical prescription ; b) they are exclusively for administration in accordance with specified daily doses ; c) they are an oral, external and/or inhalation preparation; d) the period of traditional use as stipulated in Article 16c(1), point (c) has elapsed; e) the data on the traditional use of the medicinal product are sufficient, in particular, the product proves not to be harmful in the specified conditions of use and the pharmacological effects or efficacy of the medicinal product are plausible on the basis of long-term use and experience. However, in cases where the competent authorities judge that a traditional herbal medicinal product fulfils the criteria for an authorisation in accordance with Article 6 or a registration pursuant to Article 14, the provisions of this chapter do not apply. Article 16b 1. The applicant and registration holder shall be established in the Community. 2. In order to obtain traditional use registration, the applicant shall submit an application to the competent authority of the Member State concerned. Article 16c 1. The application shall be accompanied by: a) the following information: i) the particulars and documents referred to in