and voting on amendments or proposals to reject, the President shall announce in Parliament that the proposed act has been finally adopted. He shall, with the President of the Council, sign the proposed act and arrange for its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union , in accordance with Rule 74. Rule 73 Requirements for the drafting of legislative acts 1. Acts adopted jointly by Parliament and the Council in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure shall indicate the nature of the relevant act followed by the serial number, the date of its adoption and an indication of its subject-matter. 2. Acts adopted jointly by Parliament and the Council shall contain the following: (a) "The European Parliament and the Council of the European Union"; (b) a reference to the provisions under which the act is adopted, preceded by the words "Having regard to"; (c) a citation containing a reference to proposals submitted, opinions obtained and consultations held; (d) a statement of the reasons on which the act is based, introduced by the word "Whereas"; (e) a phrase such as "have adopted this Regulation" or "have adopted this Directive" or "have adopted this Decision" or "have decided as follows", followed by the body of the act. 3. Acts shall be divided into articles, if appropriate grouped into chapters and sections. 4. The last article of an act shall specify the date of entry into force, where that date is before or after the twentieth day following publication. 5. The last article of an act shall be followed by: - the appropriate formulation, according to the relevant provisions of the Treaties, as to its applicability; - "Done at...", followed by the date on which the act was adopted; - "For the European Parliament The President", "For the Council The President", followed by the name of the President of Parliament and of the President-in-Office of the Council at the time when the act was adopted. Rule 74 Signing of adopted acts After finalisation of the text adopted in accordance with Rule 180 and once it has been verified that all the procedures have been duly completed, acts adopted in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure shall be signed by the President and the Secretary-General and shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union by the Secretaries-General of Parliament and of the Council. CHAPTER 6a CONSTITUTIONAL MATTERS Rule 74a