on Division of Labour in Development Policy, beginning to look at allocations into situations of fragility, R. whereas Parliament, through the scrutiny mechanism of the Development Cooperation instrument (DCI) established by the Regulation (EC) No. 1905/2006 Regulation (EC) No. 1905/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 December 2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation (OJ L 378, 27.12.2006, p. 41). (DCI Regulation), and individual Member States have expressed concern that the primary objective of poverty eradication is not always reflected in field delivery, S. whereas a large number of studies have shown that effective accountability for the use of aid involving citizen participation is one of the main indicators of aid effectiveness, but aid is still suffering from a lack of transparency and openness; whereas this lack of transparency hampers access to information for governments, local authorities and civil society in the recipient countries and in this sense constitutes a major obstacle to better appropriation of aid, T. whereas aid is often disbursed according to donors’ own priorities and timetables, without making sufficient efforts to respect and conform to national planning and development priorities, or the national budgeting timeframe, which makes it very difficult for recipients to prepare effective budgets, or to plan ahead, and makes it hard for parliaments, civil society and others to monitor aid flows and effectiveness, U. whereas the use of country systems is a key component of aid effectiveness and is deemed to be an important means of increasing partner countries‘ ownership over policy design and delivery; whereas, therefore, using country systems is expected to strengthen partner countries' national development strategies and implementation frameworks, V. whereas according to a recent Survey on Monitoring the Paris Declaration by the OECD, the lack of demand-driven technical assistance is a key issue for developing country governments due to the fact that much technical assistance continues to be tied and overpriced, and is often ineffective at building local capacity as established in Article 31 of the DCI Regulation, W. whereas the role of national parliaments is paramount for raising awareness and pushing for reform of the aid architecture, i.e. through the debate and approval of development frameworks and budgets, allocation of funding to poverty related sectors, promotion of the division of labour and holding governments to account for delivering on the Paris Declaration, X. whereas local authorities are key players in development policies, as