the examination procedure referred to in Article 21(2). 4. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts, in accordance with Article 20, with regard to the establishment of additional rules on inspections and monitoring and in particular uniform conditions for the implementation of Annex VI, point 2. Amendment 70 Council position Article 23 – paragraphs 3 a to 3 d (new) Council position Amendment 3a. Member States shall create a national register of acknowledged collection and treatment facilities. Only those facilities whose operators comply with the requirements set out in Article 8(3) shall be admitted to that national register. Member States shall make the contents of the register publicly available. 3b. Facility operators shall submit annual proof of their compliance with this Directive, and shall submit reports to competent authorities in accordance with paragraphs 3c and 3d in order to maintain their status as acknowledged collection or treatment facilities. 3c. Operators of collection facilities shall submit reports annually to enable national authorities to compare the volume of collected WEEE with the volume of WEEE actually transferred to recovery or recycling facilities. WEEE shall be transferred exclusively to acknowledged recovery and treatment facilities. 3d. Operators of treatment facilities shall submit reports annually to competent authorities to enable national authorities to compare the amount of WEEE taken back from owners or acknowledged collection facilities with the amount of WEEE actually recovered, recycled or, in accordance with Article 10, exported. Justification Agreed first reading amendment, the purpose of which is to ensure that Member States and operators provide the information necessary to satisfy all concerned that the legislation is being implemented properly and effectively. Compromises can be agreed with the Council that will simplify the wording and avoiding duplication with other legislation. Amendment 71 Council position Article 24 – paragraph 1 – subparagraph 1 Council position Amendment 1. Member States shall bring into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by ….* They shall immediately communicate to the Commission the text of those provisions. 1. Member States shall bring into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by ….* . They shall forthwith communicate to the Commission the text of those provisions and a correlation table between those provisions and this Directive . ___________ ___________ * OJ: please insert the date - 18 months after the da y of this