the Member States. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT INTRODUCTION At a time when the role of the school is much debated in the Member States, the European Parliament wants to launch a debate at European level on the role of schools and school education in maximising public access to culture by repositioning the parameters of education and culture, not only in the context of enlargement but also in the context of European identity which derives its strength from the variety of different cultures from which it is composed. The current climate of rapid technological and economic change and increasing globalisation affects educational and training systems and establishments in a number of different ways. Therefore it is essential to equip the whole population with the skills they need to obtain (and hold down) a job Communication from the Commission on investing efficiently in education and training: an imperative for Europe, COM(2002) 779 of 10.1.2003. . This goal is reflected in the political priority of the Lisbon Council - to make the EU ‘the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world’ by 2010 – which in turn requires the modernisation of the educational systems. THE CHANGING ROLE OF THE SCHOOL 1. Basic knowledge The school has traditionally been the starting point for giving the pupil the basic elements and tools of knowledge: oral and written expression, reading and mathematics, as well as imparting social, cultural and physical skills and thus contributing to the all-round personal development of the individual. However as a result of the rapid changes in society over the last 25 years, the role of the school has evolved and is becoming more complex. 2. European dimension An important function of school education has been to teach students about their own history and culture. This aspect has traditionally reflected national history and culture but should be extended to reflect changes brought about by the process of European integration and by globalisation and should contribute strongly to a deeper mutual knowledge among Europeans. A 2003 study on ‘The place occupied by the European Union in the secondary education curriculum in the Member States and in the candidate countries’ Education and Culture Series Working Paper No. EDUC 113, 2003, Directorate-General for Research commissioned by the European Parliament Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, Media and Sport ‘The place occupied by the European Union in the secondary education curriculum in the Member States and in