the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection. However, these common rules go way beyond the internal market as such and have an impact on all aspects of trade policy and hence of the Union’s economic competitiveness and the protection of its citizens. The role of customs in the 21st century: each State has a different perception The role of customs is now moving away from the simple collection of customs duties, which has declined considerably over the past twenty years, towards the application of non-tariff measures, especially in respect of security and safety, combating counterfeiting, money laundering and drugs; it is also geared to the application of measures concerning health, the environment and consumer protection, not to mention the collection of VAT and import/excise duties and exemption from export/excise duties, as well as, of course, compliance with the Union’s trade policies. Customs in the 21st century are a multifunctional tool. First of all they play a fiscal role, i.e. levying duties and taxes on the movement of goods. Their second role is economic: customs serve and facilitate external trade. Lastly, they have a role in security, since they are responsible for state borders and for combating problems such as smuggling. Countries fulfil these roles in accordance with their different priorities. For instance, developing countries, for which customs duties are a major budgetary resource, attach the greatest priority to the fiscal role. In other countries, such as the United States of America, priority is given to the security role, due to the mistrust which arose after the attacks of 11 September 2001. Your rapporteur finds it perfectly acceptable for personal security to play a greater role in the determination of customs rules and procedures. However, he takes the view that certain measures, taken unilaterally by the United States, are a serious obstacle to trade and to the growth of world trade. European customs try to strike a balance between these three roles. The ‘joint mission statement’, submitted to the customs policy group on 11 July 2007, sets out the following four commitments: – to ensure the safety and security of citizens; – to protect the financial interests of the Community and its Member States; – to protect the Community from illegal or unfair trade, whilst supporting legitimate commercial activities; – to enhance the competitiveness of European businesses by establishing modern working methods backed up by an easily accessible environment.