Question for written answer E-3716/2010 to the Commission Rule 117 Cristiana Muscardini (PPE) (27 May 2010) Subject: Glass-Steagall Act as a possible reference point On 6 May 2010 the Democratic Senator Maria Cantwell and the Republican Senator John McCain tabled an amendment in the US Senate to the White House’s ‘financial reform’ that has attracted large-scale support. The amendment, modelled on the 1933 Glass-Steagall Act, which protected bank deposits from attacks by speculators at the time of the Great Depression, scored a 78 % approval rating in the first polls to be carried out in the 48 hours immediately afterwards — according to EIR bulletin No 39 — and has triggered numerous Congressional initiatives aimed at curbing the power of banks and hedge funds. The 1933 Act, among other things, separated commercial and investment banks and prevented the latter from using savers’ money to finance their business. Senator McCain has said that ‘I want to ensure that we never stick the American taxpayer with another USD 700 billion — or even larger — tab to bail out the financial industry. If big Wall Street institutions want to take part in risky transactions — fine. But we should not allow them to do so with federally insured deposits. It is time to put a stop to the taxpayer financed excesses of Wall Street’. The United States may not be the EU, but the financial crisis has been said to be systemic and hence global. That being the case, any measures that might be taken in the US to tackle the crisis would also hold good in Europe, which has decided to adopt its own fairly substantial measures to control government debt and combat speculation and thus protect the euro. That is all to the good. On the other hand, 1. Does the Commission have an opinion on the Glass-Steagall Act? 2. Does it not believe that the EU and the US should restore the principles of the Glass-Steagall Act, which, by separating commercial and investment banks, de facto prohibited the issue of risky papers for speculative purposes, that is to say, of the kind which led to the speculation bubble and the resulting financial crisis? 3. Does it not consider that this would do much to protect savers and prevent the excessive spread of virtual money, a major cause of the systemic crisis? 4. As regards innovative ways of regulating the