required for proper and successful implementation of the aid, assistance and cooperation policies and programmes in Article 1 and fulfilment of the objectives assigned to them. (Amendment 22) Article 2(2) 2. Interventions financed under this Regulation may comprise any non-combat activities aimed at counteracting or resolving emerging crises and serious threats or outbreaks of conflict, all logistical measures necessary for the planning, implementation, monitoring and auditing of such interventions, including information and communication management, technical assistance and training, the purchase and/or delivery of essential products and equipment, safe transport and all administrative expenditure related to such measures as well as the measures necessary to strengthen the Community's coordination with Member States and other donor countries, international organisations, non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and their representatives. Deleted (Amendments 23 and 24) Article 2a (new) Article 2a 1. Actions to be undertaken under the Rapid Reaction Facility shall be adopted by the Commission in accordance with the procedures laid down in this Regulation. They shall be implemented by the Commission in accordance with current budget and other procedures, in particular those under Articles 116 and 118 of the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities. 2. When the Commission intends to take action under this Regulation it shall without delay so inform the Council and the European Parliament in order to ensure that the European Union's external activities are consistent. (Amendment 25) Article 4(6) 6. The Commission will inform the Committee established in Article 8 of the choice of implementing entity and the reasons for such choice. Deleted (Amendment 26) Article 5 Article 5 Interventions covered by this Regulation shall be decided by the Commission in accordance with the procedures laid down in this Regulation. Deleted They shall be implemented by the Commission in accordance with the budgetary and other procedures in force, including those laid down in Articles 116 and 118 of the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities. (Amendment 27) Article 6a (new) Article 6a So far as is possible, the Commission shall ensure the involvement of the authorities and structures of the country concerned. (Amendment 28) Article 7(1) 1. No single intervention to be funded under this Regulation may receive Community contributions exceeding EUR 12 million. 1. The budgetary authority shall each year set a global ceiling for funding action under this Regulation. (Amendment 29) Article 7(2) 2. The implementation period of