by 493 votes in favour to 117 against with 14 abstentions. The report lists a large number of benefits of economic and monetary union - price stability, reduced transaction costs, greater price transparency within the euro zone, reduced price volatility on the international currency markets and protection against external shocks, historically low interest rates, low mortgage rates and easier travel. In Parliament's view, " the euro is possibly the most successful European project ever launched " but MEPs are also aware that a certain section of the European public " purports to have a negative perception of the euro... and this tendency is on the rise ". They therefore say the single currency must remain a communication priority for the EU, the benefits of which must " continue to be sold and explained to the public at length ", using modern marketing techniques to get the message across. A particular effort needs to be made in small towns and remote areas. The European Central Bank should provide an annual quantitative analysis of the benefits of the euro for ordinary citizens MEPs say it is important to consider the concerns form the three non-euro countries of old EU15, calling on the Commission to help the governments of the UK, Sweden and Denmark " in their quest to win over a sceptical public, if these governments so wish. " On the other hand, the report says the Commission should concentrate its efforts on helping the new Member States to prepare their citizens for adoption of the euro by undertaking an intensive information campaign, and to supervise its implementation where such a campaign has already started. MEPs say a requirement of dual pricing three months before introducing the euro and up to 12 months afterwards can help reduce people's fears of euro-induced price rises and put pressure on businesses not to use the conversion as a pretext for price rises. Experience from malpractices of this sort in the current euro area should be used in future entrants to prevent such behaviour. More generally, the EU should support ' twinning ' arrangements between ministries of finance and central banks of present and future euro members to help spread good practice. The report calls on the Commission to draw up reports on best practices and encourage national, regional and local authorities to establish local reporting centres where anyone can report any abuse, such as unwarranted