requires a political commitment of EU Institutions and Member States, and that Member States have their responsibility to communicate with citizens about the EU. 4. The three Institutions believe that information and communication activities concerning European issues should give everyone access to fair and diverse information about the European Union and enable citizens to exercise their right to express their views and to participate actively in the public debate on European Union issues. 5. The three Institutions promote the respect of multilingualism and cultural diversity when implementing information and communication actions. 6. The three Institutions are politically committed to achieving the above objectives. They encourage the other EU institutions and bodies to support their efforts and to contribute, if they so wish, to this approach. A partnership approach 7. The three Institutions recognise the importance of addressing the communication challenge on EU issues in partnership between Member States and the EU institutions to ensure effective communication with, and objective information to, the widest possible audience at the appropriate level. They wish to develop synergies with national, regional and local authorities as well as with representatives of civil society. They would like for that purpose to foster a pragmatic partnership approach. 8. They recall in this respect the key role of the Interinstitutional Group on Information (IGI) serving as a high-level framework for the Institutions to encourage political debate on EU-related information and communication activities in order to foster synergy and complementarity. To that purpose, the IGI, co-chaired by representatives of the European Parliament, the Council and the European Commission, and with the participation of the Committee of the Regions and the European Economic and Social Committee as observers, meets in principle twice a year. A framework for working together The three Institutions intend to cooperate on the following basis: 9. Whilst respecting the individual responsibility of each EU institution and Member State for its own communication strategy and priorities, the three Institutions will, in the framework of the IGI, identify yearly a limited number of common communication priorities. 10. These priorities will be based on communication priorities identified by the EU Institutions and bodies following their internal procedures and complementing, where appropriate, Member States' strategic views and efforts in this field, taking into account citizens' expectations. 11. The three Institutions and the Member States will endeavour to promote appropriate support for communication on the priorities identified. 12. The services responsible