collection point, and they would therefore be deterred from sending their WEEE for recovery. Arrangements accordingly need to be made to coordinate information and thus enable users to find out what collection points are available. Amendment 59 Council position Article 14 – paragraph 5 Council position Amendment 5. Member States may require that some or all of the information referred to in paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 shall be provided by producers and/or distributors, e.g. in the instructions for use or at the point of sale. 5. Member States may require that some or all of the information referred to in paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 shall be provided by producers and/or distributors, e.g. in the instructions for use , at the point of sale or through public awareness campaigns . Justification An example should be given to clarify how this information can be put across by producers and how this is done in some Member States. Amendment 60 Council position Article 15 – paragraph 1 Council position Amendment 1. In order to facilitate the preparation for re-use and the correct and environmentally sound treatment of WEEE, including maintenance, upgrade, refurbishment and recycling, Member States shall take the necessary measures to ensure that producers provide information about preparation for re-use and treatment in respect of each type of new EEE placed on the market within one year after the equipment is placed on the market. This information shall identify, as far as it is needed by centres which prepare for re-use and treatment and recycling facilities in order to comply with the provisions of this Directive, the different EEE components and materials, as well as the location of dangerous substances and mixtures in EEE. It shall be made available to centres which prepare for re-use and treatment and recycling facilities by producers of EEE in the form of manuals or by means of electronic media (e.g. CD-ROM, online services). 1. In order to facilitate the preparation for re-use and the correct and environmentally sound treatment of WEEE, including maintenance, upgrade, refurbishment and recycling, Member States shall take the necessary measures to ensure that producers provide information , free of charge, about preparation for re-use and treatment in respect of each type of new EEE placed on the market within one year after the equipment is placed on the market. This information shall identify, as far as it is needed by