of Directive 92/43/EEC, with a view to the adoption of national annual work programmes as set out in Article 15(1)(b). Member States shall submit draft national annual work programmes for 2007 to the Commission as soon as possible, and no later than 3 months after the adoption of the first multi-annual strategic programme. They shall, as necessary, submit national annual work programmes for subsequent years, and updates of drafts already submitted, pursuant to the timetable laid down in accordance with Article 15(2)(b ). Member States shall provide for public participation on draft national annual programmes in line with the provisions of Directive 2003/35/EC. Justification The Habitats Committee should also be given the opportunity to express its views on the national programmes since main part of the delegated budget should concern Nature and Biodiversity component. Amendment 14 Article 6, paragraph 6 6. Member States shall ensure that national agencies implement national annual work programmes adopted in accordance with Article 15(1)(b). National agencies shall invite project applications for the implementation of the measures set out in national annual work programmes. They shall ensure that projects meet the criteria set out in Article 3, giving priority to those projects that make the greatest contribution to the achievement of the objectives of this Regulation. deleted Justification Consistency with earlier amendments. Amendment 15 Article 6, paragraph 7 7. National agencies shall report to the Commission on the implementation of national annual work programmes. They shall make the final project reports referred to in Article 12(1), or summaries of them, available to the public . The Commission shall regularly publish lists of projects financed through LIFE+, including a short description of objectives and results achieved and a summary of funds expended. It shall do so using appropriate media and technologies, including the Internet. 7. The Commission shall regularly publish lists of projects financed through LIFE+, including a short description of objectives and results achieved and a summary of funds expended. It shall do so using appropriate media and technologies, including the Internet. Justification Consistency with earlier amendments. Amendment 16 Article 7, paragraph 2 2. The Commission may decide to entrust part of implementation of the budget to national agencies designated in agreement with the Member State concerned on the basis of Article 54(2)(c) of the Financial Regulation and in accordance with the selection criteria set out in Annex II of this Regulation. deleted Justification Consistent with