follow-up in relation to living donors in accordance with national provisions, in order to identify, report, and manage any event potentially relating to the quality and safety of the donated organ, and hence of the safety of the recipient, as well as any serious adverse reaction in the living donor that may result from the donation. Justification See amendment 33a Amendment 73 Proposal for a directive Article 16 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Member States shall ensure that the fundamental right to protection of personal data is fully and effectively protected in all organ transplantation activities, in conformity with Community provisions on the protection of personal data, such as Directive 95/46/EC, and in particular Articles 8 (3), 16, 17 and 28 (2) of that Directive. Member States shall ensure that the fundamental right to protection of personal data is fully and effectively protected in all organ donation and transplantation activities, in conformity with Community provisions on the protection of personal data, such as Directive 95/46/EC, and in particular Articles 8 (3), 16, 17 and 28 (2) of that Directive. Justification Protection of personal data also implies donors. Amendment 74 Proposal for a directive Article 16 – paragraph 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1a . Member States shall take the necessary measures to ensure that donors and recipients whose data are being processed under this Directive are identifiable only by persons who can demonstrate a need to know their identities. Justification The concepts of 'traceability' and 'identifiability' are strongly connected to each other: whenever traceability of the holders of the biological materials is possible, either in a direct or indirect way, these holders can be considered as identifiable and they should include recipients and donors. Amendment 75 Proposal for a directive Article 16 - paragraph 1 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1b . Member States shall take the necessary measures to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, accountability and availability of the personal data of donors and recipients. Justification It is of utmost importance to implement an information security policy based on strict and sound security measures at the relevant national services, especially in order to meet the confidentiality requirements for the donors and recipients set out in the proposal, as well as to safeguard integrity, accountability and availability of these data. Amendment 76 Proposal for a directive Article 17 Text proposed