Answer given by Mr Verheugen on behalf of the Commission (20 March 2009) The Commission has recently considered the issue of dental amalgams and their possible effects on health in light of the most up-to-date scientific knowledge. On 6 May 2008 the Scientific Committee on Emerging and Newly Identified Health Risks (SCENIHR) adopted an opinion http://ec.europa.eu/health/ph_risk/committees/04_scenihr/docs/scenihr_o_016.pdf on the safety of dental amalgam and alternative dental restoration materials for patients and users. According to SCENIHR, there is no evidence for a causal relationship between dental amalgam and autism. In addition, SCENIHR does not consider that the current use of dental amalgam poses a risk of systemic diseases, including Alzheimer's disease. According to this scientific opinion, the main sources of mercury in the environment are natural ones (e.g. emissions from volcanoes, combustion of fossil fuels) or linked to certain industrial activities. In addition, it was noted that the exposure to mercury depends on various factors, including in particular the accumulation of some mercury compounds in the aquatic food chain, but also on ambient mercury levels (determined by geographical location and life-style choices), the diet, the possibility of occupational exposure for those who work in mercury-related industries and practices, and the use of mercury containing medical or cosmetic products, including amalgam. According to the SCENIHR, the main exposure to mercury in individuals with amalgam restorations occurs during the placement or removal of the fillings. However, according to SCENIHR, the exposure levels in individuals with amalgam fillings are between 5 and 30 times lower than those permitted for occupational exposure. SCENIHR concluded that dental amalgam is a safe material to use in restorative dentistry with respect to patients. Dental health is an extremely important component of general healthcare and the benefits of amalgam to individuals presenting dental caries far outweigh the very low level of risk associated with allergies. With regard to alternative materials, SCENIHR stated that although there are well recognised cytotoxicity and mutagenicity profiles for some of the chemical substances used in alternative materials, there is no evidence for any adverse clinical effects associated with such substances, apart from a very low incidence of allergies. As a general principle, the relative risks and benefits of using dental amalgam or the various alternatives should be explained to patients to assist them to make informed decisions. In both cases, as with any other medical or pharmaceutical intervention, caution should be exercised when considering the