of sensitive documents on the Council's premises, is dealt with in a confidential manner. Article 4 When the President of Parliament or the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy asks the Council Presidency or the Secretary-General/High Representative to supply sensitive information to the special committee set up by the Interinstitutional Agreement, that information shall be provided as soon as possible. In that connection, Parliament shall fit out a room specially designed for the holding of meetings to deal with sensitive information. The room shall be chosen with a view to guaranteeing a level of protection equivalent to that laid down for this type of meeting by Council Decision 2001/264/EC of 19 March 2001 OJ L 101, 11.4.2001, p. 1. adopting the Council's security regulations. Article 5 The information meeting chaired by the President of Parliament or by the chairman of the above-mentioned committee shall be held in camera. With the exception of the four Members appointed by the Conference of Presidents, only those officials who, by virtue of their duties or in accordance with operational requirements, have been cleared and authorised to enter it subject to the "need-to-know" principle shall have access to the meeting room. Article 6 Pursuant to paragraph 3.3 of the above-mentioned Interinstitutional Agreement, when the President of Parliament or the chairman of the above-mentioned committee decides to request authorisation to consult documents containing sensitive information, that consultation shall be carried out on the Council's premises. Documents shall be consulted on the spot in whatever version they are available. Article 7 The Members of Parliament who are to attend information meetings or have access to sensitive documents shall be the subject of a clearance procedure similar to that undergone by Members of the Council and Members of the Commission. In that connection, the President of Parliament shall take the requisite steps vis-à-vis the competent national authorities. Article 8 Officials who are to have access to sensitive information shall be cleared in accordance with the provisions laid down for the other institutions. Officials cleared in this way subject to the "need-to-know" principle shall be invited to attend the above-mentioned information meetings or to peruse the documents in question. In that connection, the Secretary-General, after consulting the competent Member State authorities, shall grant clearance on the basis of the security inquiry carried out by those same authorities. Article 9 The information