two and ten consecutive days on which Parliament or any of its bodies, committees or delegations meet; (d) submission to the Conference of Presidents, in accordance with Rule 19, of a proposal for the Member's suspension or removal from one or more of the elected offices held by the Member in Parliament. Rule 154 Internal appeal procedures The Member concerned may lodge an internal appeal with the Bureau within two weeks of notification of the penalty imposed by the President. Such an appeal shall have the effect of suspending the application of that penalty. The Bureau may, not later than four weeks after the lodging of the appeal, annul, confirm or reduce the penalty imposed, without prejudice to the external rights of appeal open to the Member concerned. Should the Bureau fail to take a decision within the time limit laid down, the penalty shall be declared null and void. CHAPTER 5 QUORUM AND VOTING Rule 155 Quorum 1. Parliament may deliberate, settle its agenda and approve the minutes, whatever the number of Members present. 2. A quorum shall exist when one third of the component Members of Parliament are present in the Chamber. 3. All votes shall be valid whatever the number of voters unless the President, on a request made before voting has begun by at least 40 Members, establishes at the time of voting that the quorum is not present. If the vote shows that the quorum is not present, the vote shall be placed on the agenda for the next sitting. A request for the quorum to be established must be made by at least 40 Members. A request on behalf of a political group is not admissible. When establishing the result of the vote, account must be taken, in accordance with paragraph 2, of all the Members present in the Chamber and, in accordance with paragraph 4, of all the Members who asked for the quorum to be established. The electronic voting system cannot be used for this purpose. The doors of the Chamber may not be closed. If the number of Members required to make up the quorum is not present, the President shall not announce the result of the vote but shall declare that the quorum is not present. The last sentence of paragraph 3 shall not apply to votes on procedural motions but only to votes on the subject-matter itself. 4. Members