Answer given by Mr Frattini on behalf of the Commission (16 July 2007) The organisation of major sports events of an international nature has a strong security dimension. Recent incidents confirm that guaranteeing the safety of citizens is a central issue. The Commission is committed to preventing incidents in which sporting passions turn into disturbances and violent conduct. Our aim is that football matches with a European dimension should not just be regarded as a potential source of ructions relating to breaches of law and public order and security. It is important to prevent and combat disturbances at major events to ensure that peaceful football fans and ordinary citizens can continue to go about their business without being disrupted by groups of hooligans. The EU assists these efforts, for instance, by supporting the creation of national football information points and the developing of handbooks on best practices for law enforcement practitioners. That said, questions relating to the deployment and missions of national law enforcement authorities clearly fall under the competence of the Member States. While the European Union helps to develop cooperation and best practices for law enforcement agencies, the European Union has no powers to intervene as regards the day-to-day police management of Member States or the organisation and allocation of police resources to different tasks at national level. Against this background, the Commission is acting to identify common rules for a security system that could help Member States for the most dangerous events. In cooperation with the European Parliament, the Portuguese Presidency and UEFA, the Commission is organising a High Level Conference in November on security during major sport events. It should be mentioned that major sports events, like the 2004 Olympic Games, also generate an important influx of tourists which often are of benefit to local businesses and to the image of the host cities; this explains why so many countries volunteer to organise such events.