17.12.2002 Vote : 19.12.2002 Following agreement on outstanding differences with Council, the way is now clear for MEPs to give a final reading to the EU’s budget for 2003, which now stands at €99.45bn in commitments and €96.9bn in payments after Council’s second reading. The Budgets Committee is, however, tabling several amendments at second reading which would bring new totals of €99.69bn (commitments) and €97.5bn (payments). The Budgets Committee is, nevertheless, concerned about a build up of “commitments” in numerous areas, especially affecting regional and social spending, and the delay in bringing projects on stream. The Commission is to be asked to update MEPs on the situation through regular reporting. The situation with regard to various policy issues is as follows: Agriculture: The total here comes to €44.78bn, including some €4.7bn to go to rural development and leaving a margin of €2.6bn. Animal welfare rules affecting the transport of live animals is of concern to the committee and while the Commission is to produce an annual report on the recovery of payments from transporters failing to respect EU welfare legislation, funds for this heading remain in place. Regional Fund The committee accepts Council’s commitments figure of €33.98bn but is proposing small increases to the €33.02bn payments figure. - Fishing fleets Agreement has been reached to finance the restructuring of the Spanish and Portuguese fishing fleets. Some €15 m has already been found within the 2002 budget and the remaining €12m will be found through the “flexibility” instrument. Internal policies and pilot projects The committee is proposing several small increases to Council’s €6.69bn (commitments) and €6.12bn (payments) figures. Council has agreed to a series of pilot projects. The programmes of concern to Parliament are preparing SMEs for enlargement, the programme for exchanges between elderly people and a cooperation programme with third countries on immigration. Foreign Policy Once again the committee is proposing small increases to Council’s figures of €4.859bn in commitments and €4.664bn in payments. Council has accepted: - €42m for the Global Health Fund to be entered into the budget, together with a similar contribution from the European Development Fund, making a total of €84 m; - €55m of humanitarian aid for the Horn of Africa to be found from the 2002 budget; €47.5m for the Common Foreign and Security Policy (CFSP), which will also cover funding for the EU police force in Bosnia Herzegovina. Funds earmarked for updating North