basic information on potential threats to maritime transport and the marine environment from offshore oil and gas exploration and production. (10) The Agency has established itself as the authoritative provider of maritime traffic data at EU level which are of interest and relevance in other EU activities. Through its activities, in particular regarding port state control, the monitoring of maritime traffic and shipping routes as well as assistance for tracking possible polluters, the Agency should contribute to reinforcing synergies at EU level regarding certain coastguard operations. Furthermore, a study should be carried out to examine whether the Agency, acting as a European coastguard service, should take over these tasks in future,in order to enable swifter, more effective action by the authorities. In addition, the Agency's data monitoring and collection should also gather basic information on potential threats to maritime transport and the marine environment from offshore oil and gas exploration and production and transport . Amendment 6 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 11 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (11a) The Agency's expertise in the areas of pollution and accident response in the marine environment would also be valuable in the development of guidance on the licensing of oil and gas exploration and production. The Agency should therefore assist the Commission and Member States in this task. Amendment 7 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Recital 12 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (12) The Agency carries out inspections in order to assist the Commission in the assessment of the effective implementation of EU law. The roles of the Agency, the Commission, the Member States and the Administrative Board should be clearly defined. (12)The Agency carries out inspections in order to assist the Commission in the assessment of the effective implementation of EU law. The roles of the Agency, the Commission, the Member States and the Administrative Board should be clearly defined. In particular, the Agency should carry out inspections in third countries in the Mediterranean, Black Sea and Baltic Sea Regions in whose waters oil and gas exploration and production is taking place, and assist those third countries in strengthening their capacity to improve the safety of their offshore operations . Cooperation with third countries in carrying out tasks should be strengthened in order to enable swifter action. Amendment 8 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 1 Regulation