Answer given by Mr Piebalgs on behalf of the Commission (17 August 2011) 1. The EU has a multi-annual commitment to Afghanistan, unique amongst donors. This clearly adds value to EU assistance and it has been of great importance for the Afghan Government’s efforts to do long-term planning and to implement the Afghan National Development Strategy. The EU has channelled significant funding through multi-donor trust funds which have directly supported the central budget of the Afghan Government. Notably, the EU is the largest contributor to the Law and Order Trust Fund (LOTFA), which funds the Afghan National Police and the Afghanistan Reconstruction Trust Fund. In this way, the EU is meeting the commitments the international donor community has made to ensure that support is increasingly channelled through the Afghan authorities. EU support to LOTFA has been essential to strengthen the financial accountability and transparency of the police and at present 99 % of the police force receive their salaries through an electronic payroll system. In the health sector, EU support for the Basic Package of Health Services has contributed to improving access to primary healthcare, which now reaches 65 % of the population as compared to only 7 % in 2001. EU support for integrated border management on the borders with Pakistan and Central Asian countries has also contributed to increasing customs revenues for Afghanistan’s central budget. The EU‑funded border management post in Torkham now accounts for almost 25 % of the revenue of the Afghan Customs Department. 2. The World Bank’s ‘Doing Business Index 2011’ ranked Afghanistan lowest in the region and 176th out of 183 countries surveyed. In order to address and enhance Afghanistan’s ranking in the Doing Business Report, the Ministry of Commerce and Industries launched an initiative in December 2010 aimed at making improvements across five ‘Doing Business’ areas. The Doing Business survey focuses on regulatory constraints only while other constraints to the development of the private sector, such as limited access to infrastructure and security conditions ranked highly in the World Bank’s Investment Climate Assessment of 2008. The EU believes that the international community should take advantage of any improvement in overall security by assisting the Government to reinforce the business climate in Afghanistan. An effective legal system and investor protection will be essential. 3. In 2008 on the occasion of an international donor conference in Paris, Afghanistan adopted the Afghan National Development Strategy (ANDS),