shall designate a representative and deputy representatives who shall be regarded as the petitioners for the purposes of this Title. If no such representatives have been designated the first signatory or another appropriate person shall be regarded as the petitioner. 4. Each petitioner may at any time withdraw support for the petition. After withdrawal of support by all the petitioners the petition shall become null and void. 5. Petitions must be written in an official language of the European Union. Petitions written in any other language will be considered only if the petitioner has attached a translation in an official language. Parliament's correspondence with the petitioner shall employ the official language in which the translation is drawn up. The Bureau may decide that petitions and correspondence with petitioners may be drafted in other languages used in a Member State. 6. Petitions shall be entered in a register in the order in which they are received if they comply with the conditions laid down in paragraph 2; those that do not shall be filed, and the petitioner shall be informed of the reasons for this. 7. Petitions entered in the register shall be forwarded by the President to the committee responsible, which shall first establish the admissibility or otherwise of the petition in accordance with Article 227 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. If the committee responsible fails to reach a consensus on the admissibility of the petition, it shall be declared admissible at the request of at least one quarter of the members of the committee. 8. Petitions declared inadmissible by the committee shall be filed; the petitioner shall be informed of the decision and the reasons for it. Where possible, alternative means of redress may be recommended. 9. Petitions, once registered, shall as a general rule become public documents, and the name of the petitioner and the contents of the petition may be published by Parliament for reasons of transparency. 10. Notwithstanding the provisions contained in paragraph 9, the petitioner may request that his or her name be withheld in order to protect his or her privacy, in which case Parliament must comply with the request. Where the petitioner's complaint cannot be investigated for reasons of anonymity, the petitioner shall be consulted as to the further steps to be taken. 11. The petitioner may request that his or her petition be treated confidentially, in which