unless the delegated acts has been revoked, or the Commission decides to withdraw the delegated act before because the reasons justifying it no longer prevail. Amendment 328 Proposal for a regulation – Annex 1 – section 18 – point 4 – point a Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 20 – paragraph 5 5. The investigation shall be completed within six months from the date of publication of the notice referred to in paragraph 2. The Commission may, in the case of exceptional circumstances, extend this period in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 27(5). 5. The investigation shall be completed within six months from the date of publication of the notice referred to in paragraph 2. The Commission may, in the case of exceptional circumstances, extend this period in accordance with the advisory procedure referred to in Article 27(5). Amendment 243 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 18 – point 4 – point c Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 20 – paragraph 7 7. Where exceptional circumstances requiring immediate action make an investigation impossible, the Commission may, in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 27(7), take any preventive measure which is strictly necessary. 7. Where exceptional circumstances requiring immediate action make an investigation impossible, the Commission may, in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 27(7), take any provisional measure which is strictly necessary. Where a Member State requests immediate intervention by the Commission and where the conditions set out in paragraph 1 are met, the Commission shall take a decision within five working days of receiving the request. Provisional measures shall not apply for more than 200 days. Should the provisional safeguard measures be repealed because the investigation shows that the conditions set out in this Article are not met, any customs duty collected as a result of those provisional measures shall be refunded automatically. Amendment 329 Proposal for a regulation Annex 1 – section 18 – point 5 Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 21 Where imports of products included in Annex I to the Treaty cause, or threaten to cause, serious disturbance to Union markets, in particular to one or more of the outermost regions, or these markets' regulatory mechanisms, the Commission, on its own initiative or at the request of a Member State, may suspend the preferential arrangements in respect of the products concerned in accordance with the