legislative measures in 2010 for the reduction of EU fishing capacity. Justification One of the main drivers of the ongoing overfishing is the vast overcapacity of the European fleet. In fact, the most recent estimation by the Commission suggested that there is more than 40% overcapacity in the fleet. Until effective capacity reduction programmes are implemented, no control system, however strict, will succeed in eliminating fraud. It is therefore imperative that the European Commission should address the problem of excess fishing capacity to MS as a prerequisite to establishing an effective control system. Amendment 2 Proposal for a regulation Article 9 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. A fishing vessel exceeding 10 meters length overall shall have installed on board a fully functioning device which allows that vessel to be automatically located and identified through the Vessel Monitoring System by transmitting position data at regular intervals. It shall also allow the Fisheries Monitoring Centre of the flag Member State to poll the fishing vessel. For vessels exceeding 10 meters length and up to 15 meters length overall this paragraph shall apply as from 1 January 2012 . 2. A fishing vessel exceeding 10 meters length overall shall have installed on board a fully functioning device which allows that vessel to be automatically located and identified through the Vessel Monitoring System by transmitting position data at regular intervals. It shall also allow the Fisheries Monitoring Centre of the flag Member State to poll the fishing vessel. For vessels exceeding 10 meters length and up to 15 meters length overall this paragraph shall apply as from 1 January 2010 . Justification This obligation should be consistent with the entry into force on Ist January 2010 of the Council Regulation (EC) No 1005/2008 of 29.9.2008 establishing a Community system to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing, mainly on provisions of Article 3 paragraph b, c and k , where registration, capture data and monitoring of fishing activities in restricted areas should be assessed by satellite control. Amendment 3 Proposal for a regulation Article 15 – paragraph 2 – introductory part Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Paragraph 1 shall apply to Community fishing vessels exceeding 15 meters length and up to 24 meters length overall as from 1 July 2011, and to Community fishing vessels exceeding 10 meters length and up to 15 meters length