the liability of Community officials for property tax made clear that a breach of the provisions of the PPI represented a breach of the obligations arising out of the Treaties (judgment of 24 February 1988, Commission v Belgium, Case 260/86, ECR. 966). That article reads as follows: ‘During the sessions of the European Parliament, its members shall enjoy: (a) in the territory of their own Member State, the immunities accorded to members of their parliament; (b) in the territory of any other Member State, immunity from any measure of detention and from legal proceedings. Immunity shall likewise apply to members while they are travelling to and from the place of meeting of the European Parliament. Immunity cannot be claimed when a member is found in the act of committing an offence and shall not prevent the European Parliament from exercising its right to waive the immunity of one of its members’. 2. Under the PPI, Members of Parliament are protected from any legal proceedings in respect of opinions expressed or cast in the performance of their duties (Article 9) and they enjoy immunity during the sessions of the European Parliament under the conditions laid down in Article 10. 3. In the light of the above-mention considerations and reiterated opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs, it seems that Article 9 PPI would not apply in this case. 4. Mr Dupuis was elected to the European parliament from Italy in the fifth direct elections on 13 June 1999, and Parliament verified his credentials on 13 December 1999. Mr Dupuis was thus elected as a Member of Parliament from Italy, in an Italian list, and the Committee has unanimously considered that, notwithstanding the fact that Mr Dupuis is a Belgian citizen, he should be considered as Italian from the point of view of the PPI. Any other interpretation of the Protocol would go against the spirit of the text. Should Mr Dupuis encounter the same problem in Belgium, Article 10 b) would have been of rightful application. When the protocol was drafted this kind of situation were not envisaged and therefore not regulated. The Committee considers that it would go against the PPI to recognise different protection to Mr Dupuis and to the other Italian Members of the List where he was elected. In the present case only Article 10 a) can be applied without pushing beyond reasonable terms the text of