of - 43 million. The situation for payments casts a serious doubt as to the Council's willingness to do anything to speed up implementation of the Lisbon Strategy. The cut in payments is - 516 million. out of which - 280 million in research. 12. In agriculture, heading 1, some EUR 7.8 billion is counted within the total EUR 40 billion. In effect, this corresponds to all actions under sub-heading 1b rural development, including, for example, the support line for young farmers. Again, this is a figure which was estimated to be part of Lisbon, as defined by the Commission, at the time of the adoption of the PDB. The Council has not modified the Commission's PDB here. 13. The rapporteur does not consider it useful at this stage to engage in an extensive discussion as to whether also actions under 1a could or should be counted although this could be argued by some (ex. more environmental links in agriculture) In any case, given the competencies of Council and Parliament, the scope for any budgetary amendments under 1a is limited. 14. As for structural actions in heading 2, the rapporteur notes that one could argue about which part of these can be considered as Lisbon-oriented. Nevertheless, the rapporteur notes first of all that the Cohesion fund is fully counted by the Commission for an amount of about EUR 6 billion. 15. The rapporteur then notes that the Commission is counting some EUR 18.5 billion from the structural funds towards the total EUR 40 billion. This figure corresponds to approximately 50% (15.8 billion) of structural funds for the old "EU-15" and about 40% (2.7 billion) for the new "EU-10" programmes. The rapporteur would consider the inclusion of such percentages as "Lisbon-linked" very optimistic in the case of structural funds. In any event, since the commitment appropriations are fully committed up to the ceiling, the relevant scope for amendments here will normally be on payments. As is known, the Council chooses to reduce payments by EUR 150 million overall in heading 2. The rapporteur considers that this is not acceptable. 16. Conclusion: the PDB has talked about the re-launch of the Lisbon Strategy but, in fact, the figures demonstrate little or no increase compared with the 2005 budget. The attitude of Council in its first reading is fully based on reducing appropriations in an across-the-board fashion and does nothing to facilitate the