to the public; and Enhanced labelling requirements for substances which may cause allergic reactions. Press enquiries: Ton Huyssoon (Strasbourg) tel.(33) 3 881 74005 (Brussels) tel.(32-2) 28 42408 e-mail : envi-press@europarl.eu.int Human Rights - Concern over Discrimination in the EU Joke SWIEBEL (PES, NL) Report on the human rights situation in the European Union (2001) (2001/2014(INI)) Doc.: A5-0451/2002 Procedure : Own-initiative report Debate : 13.01.2003 Vote: 15.01.2003 Vote With a very narrow margin Parliament adopted the Citizens' Rights Committee's own-initiative resolution on the situation of fundamental rights in the EU in the year 2001. 274 MEPs voted in favour, 269 against, with 14 abstentions. By adopting this resolution, Parliament did not give its support to an alternative resolution by the UEN group. In its resolution Parliament emphasised misconduct by law enforcement officers, shortcomings in the administration of justice and discrimination of all kinds. The report, which was set up on the basis of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights, also flagged up problems in the area of social affairs and in the implementation of the Charter. Throughout the report Member States were mentioned by name where they were considered to have failed in the safeguarding of fundamental rights. Parliament noted with concern that misconduct by law enforcement officers as well as atrocious conditions in prisons and police stations have been recurring themes in human rights reports in virtually all Member States. It called on the EU Member States to step up their efforts in this area. Especially, Parliament asked for all cases of abuse and, in particular, deaths of persons held in custody in police stations or prisons, to be thoroughly investigated and for the perpetrators to be punished (am.5). Parliament is concerned about the fact that the report by the committee of experts of the International Labour Organisation has established a large number of violations by the Member States of ILO Conventions. For example, Convention 29 concerning forced labour is violated by Germany, France, Austria and the United Kingdom through their domestic rules on work by prisoners. Convention 105 concerning the abolition of forced labour is violated by Belgium and the United Kingdom owing to domestic provisions which continue to allow the imposition of forced labour as a disciplinary measure in certain economic sectors (am.29). Parliament was equally concerned by several kinds of discrimination. It criticised the treatment of Roma, especially housing policies towards them in Greece and Italy. It