Amendment to the Convention. Nevertheless, the rapporteur should mention the key problem raised by the approval of the Convention. The Contracting Parties to the Convention adopted the "Amendment to the Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries" (the Amendment) at the Annual Meetings of NAFO in 2007 (English version) and in 2008 (French version). The COM document, which is the proposal of the Commission for the transposition to communitarian law, is dated 8 th of March of 2010. Therefore, more than two years passed for the document to be drafted. How can this delay be justified? It is obvious that this situation, which has become very common when it comes to the transposition of conventions that affect the European Union, can not continue. Rapidity in decision-making is an imperative requirement for efficiency in the functioning of the Union. The three institutions (Commission, Council and Parliament) must find a serious solution to avoid the slowness of the procedure, to fulfil one of the main objectives of the Lisbon Treaty, which is the simplification and quickness in the decision-making process. The present case which will be submitted for approval is proof that something is not working and that urgent measures must be adopted to correct the situation. The rapporteur would also like to recall and emphasize the fact of the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty in December 2009. In the context of the powers newly acquired by the Committee on Fisheries, the European Parliament should be well represented during subsequent negotiations on future international Conventions. In 2007 and 2008, the European Parliament was not represented. The institution is willing to grant assent within its competences but at the same time would like to remind the Council and the Commission of the new procedural requirements and the need to respect the new powers of the European Parliament. RESULT OF FINAL VOTE IN COMMITTEE Date adopted 29.9.2010 Result of final vote +: –: 0: 18 0 0 Members present for the final vote Antonello Antinoro, Alain Cadec, Marek Józef Gróbarczyk, Iliana Malinova Iotova, Isabella Lövin, Guido Milana, Maria do Céu Patrão Neves, Britta Reimers, Crescenzio Rivellini, Ulrike Rodust, Struan Stevenson, Catherine Trautmann, Jarosław Leszek Wałęsa Substitute(s) present for the final vote Jean-Paul Besset, Ole Christensen, Chris Davies Substitute(s) under Rule 187(2) present for the final vote Elisabetta Gardini, Potito Salatto