a report or otherwise monitor the procedure and inform the Conference of Committee Chairs of that decision. Where appropriate, other committees may be asked for an opinion pursuant to Rule 49(1). Rules 188(2), 50 or 51 shall apply where appropriate. The Chairs and rapporteurs of the committee responsible and of any associated committees shall jointly take appropriate action to ensure that Parliament is provided with immediate, regular and full information, if necessary on a confidential basis, at all stages of the negotiation and conclusion of international agreements, including the draft and the finally adopted text of negotiating directives, and with the information referred to in paragraph 3, - by the Commission in accordance with its obligations under the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and its commitments under the Framework Agreement on relations between the European Parliament and the European Commission, and - by the Council in accordance with its obligations under the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 2. Parliament may, on a proposal from the committee responsible, a political group or at least 40 Members, ask the Council not to authorise the opening of negotiations until Parliament has stated its position on the proposed negotiating mandate on the basis of a report from the committee responsible. 3. The committee responsible shall ascertain from the Commission, at the time when the negotiations are scheduled to start, the chosen legal basis for concluding the international agreements referred to in paragraph 1. The committee responsible shall verify the chosen legal basis in accordance with Rule 37. Where the Commission fails to designate a legal basis, or where there is doubt about its appropriateness, Rule 37 shall apply. 4. At any stage of the negotiations Parliament may, on the basis of a report from the committee responsible, and after considering any relevant proposal tabled pursuant to Rule 121, adopt recommendations and require them to be taken into account before the conclusion of the international agreement under consideration. 5. When the negotiations are completed, but before any agreement is signed, the draft agreement shall be submitted to Parliament for its opinion or consent. In the case of the consent procedure Rule 81 shall apply. 6. Before the vote on the consent is taken, the committee responsible, a political group or at least one-tenth of the Members may propose that Parliament seek an opinion from the Court of Justice on