been given an opportunity to comment for at least one month . Amendment 303 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 24 – point 1 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1225/2009 Article 5 – paragraph 1 – subparagraph 2 1a. In Article 5(1), subparagraph 2 is replaced by the following: ‘ The complaint may be submitted to the Commission, or to a Member State, which shall forward it to the Commission. The Commission shall send Member States a copy of any complaint it receives. The complaint shall be deemed to have been lodged on the first working day following its delivery to the Commission by registered mail or the issuing of an acknowledgement of receipt by the Commission. Before the initiation of proceedings the Commission shall inform the Member States and give them the opportunity to express their views.’ Amendment 304 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 24 – point 3 Regulation (EC) No 1225/2009 Article 6 – paragraph 9 For proceedings initiated pursuant to Article 5(9), an investigation shall, whenever possible, be concluded within one year. In any event, such investigations shall be concluded within 15 months of initiation, in accordance with the findings made pursuant to Article 8 for undertakings or the findings made pursuant to Article 9 for definitive action. In exceptional cases, having regard to the complexity of the investigation, the Commission may decide, no later than 9 months after the initiation of the investigation, to extend this time limit, for a period up to, but in no case longer than, 18 months. For proceedings initiated pursuant to Article 5(9), an investigation shall, whenever possible, be concluded within one year. In any event, such investigations shall be concluded within 14 months of initiation, in accordance with the findings made pursuant to Article 8 for undertakings or the findings made pursuant to Article 9 for definitive action. Amendment 305 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 24 – point 3 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1225/2009 Article 6 – paragraph 9 a (new) 3a. In Article 6, the following paragraph is added: '9a. No later than seven and a half months after the initiation of the investigation the Commission shall consult the Member States on the basis of the findings of the investigation. The Member States shall in this consultation indicate to the Commission whether they expect