the Vice-Presidents shall be responsible for supervising the handling of applications for access to documents. 7. Parliament's committee responsible shall, on the basis of information provided by the Bureau and drawn from other sources, prepare the annual report referred to in Article 17 of Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 and submit it to the plenary. The committee responsible shall also examine and evaluate the reports adopted by the other institutions and agencies in accordance with Article 17 of the Regulation. TITLE IV RELATIONS WITH OTHER BODIES CHAPTER 1 APPOINTMENTS Rule 105 Election of the President of the Commission 1. When the European Council proposes a candidate for President of the Commission, the President shall request the candidate to make a statement and present his or her political guidelines to Parliament. The statement shall be followed by a debate. The European Council shall be invited to take part in the debate. 2. Parliament shall elect the President of the Commission by a majority of its component Members. The vote shall be taken by secret ballot. 3. If the candidate is elected, the President shall inform the Council accordingly, asking it and the President-elect of the Commission to propose by common accord the nominees for the various posts of Commissioners. 4. If the candidate does not obtain the required majority, the President shall invite the European Council to propose a new candidate within one month for election in accordance with the same procedure. Rule 106 Election of the Commission 1. The President shall, after consulting the President-elect of the Commission, request the nominees proposed by the President-elect of the Commission and by the Council for the various posts of Commissioner to appear before the appropriate committees according to their prospective fields of responsibility. These hearings shall be held in public. 2. The appropriate committee or committees shall invite the Commissioner-designate to make a statement and answer questions. The hearings shall be organised in such a way as to enable Commissioners-designate to disclose to Parliament all relevant information. Provisions relating to the organisation of the hearings shall be laid down in an annex to these Rules of Procedure See Annex XVII. . 3. The President-elect shall present the college of Commissioners and their programme at a sitting of Parliament which the whole Council shall be invited to attend. The statement shall be followed by a debate. 4. In order to wind up the debate,