the implication that in small systems, people who are willing to donate organs after they are deceased may be overlooked as there are no suitable patients within the system to receive their organs. The Commission has thus proposed a set of regulations regarding standards of quality and safety of human organs intended for transplants. The aim of the proposal is to facilitate, through the application of these common standards, the exchange of organs between Member States, thus creating a larger pool of organs that could benefit patients all over Europe. Position of the Legal Affairs Committee The Committee on Legal Affairs is supportive of the general scope and aims of the proposed regulations. The Member States of the European Union clearly need to further increase their cooperation in the field of organ transplants and the proposed directive will hopefully be important in this respect. Increased cooperation has to build upon the mutual trust of Member States towards the systems of other Member States. This trust in turn is based on the existence of high standards of quality and safety and the observance of these regulations by all Member States. The Committee strongly believes that we need to by very respectful of the various positions and ethical views of each Member State while working together to assist, in the best way possible the thousands of patients in need of increased cooperation in Europe to find a suitable organ. In this context a number of amendments are proposed to the Commission's text. The most important issue concerns the very delicate issue of consent of prospective donors after they are deceased. The Commission, in its proposal, notes that there are many different systems in place in the various Member States. With reference to this fact, the sensitivity of the issue and the lack of legal base for Community action, the Commission proposes that national legislation be kept in place. The Legal Affairs Committee agrees with this general approach of the Commission on this issue but suggests that it be complemented with a text urging Member States to offer the right of the individual citizen to express their consent to donate organs after they are deceased and for these wishes to be taken into account. As the citizens of Europe make use of the freedom to travel, live and work in all countries of the European Union they will also die in countries where