evaluation Sex Discrimination in the Commission Jean LAMBERT (Greens/EFA, London) Report on the Special Report from the European Ombudsman to the European Parliament following the draft recommendation to the European Commission in complaint 242/2000/GG ( C5-0276/2002 – 2002/2134(COS)) Doc.: A5-0355/2002 Procedure : Consultation paper Vote : 17.12.2002 Jean LAMBERT (Greens/EFA, London), on behalf of the Petitions Committee, will be tabling a draft resolution on discrimination on the grounds of sex within the European Commission. The complainant, Miss Caroline Potter is a British civil servant. In November 1999, she saw a notice of vacancy in which the European Commission was advertising posts of seconded national experts (SNEs) who were to work in the Commission's Directorate-General VII (Transport). The complainant submitted an application. The Commission rules as the time provided that SNEs shall work "on a full-time basis throughout the period of detachment". The complainant has a son who was 11 months old at the time. When the complainant learnt about the said rule, she contacted the Head of Unit in order to ask whether she could work part-time so that she could spend some time with her son. The Commission Head of Unit informed the complainant that he would not consider her application unless she was prepared to work full-time. In these circumstances, the complainant had to withdraw her application. The Commission insisted at the time that its national experts on secondment to the Commission shall work on a full-time basis throughout the period of detachment. However, it is argued that this practice discriminates against part-time working on the grounds of sex since it is likely to affect a greater proportion of women than men as women generally have more childcare commitments than men. The European Ombudsman, Jacob Söderman, launched a special report on the failure of the European Commission to end its policy of sex discrimination against seconded national experts. The Ombudsman asked the Commission to change its rules by 30 September 2001 at the latest. The Commission failed to do this, saying that it needed to await certain discussions in the context of its present reform process. After further pressure from the European Ombudsman, the Commission finally adopted a decision, published on 30th April 2002 which ended the discriminatory practice. Transparency Statewatch Wins Access to Council Documents Astrid THORS (ELDR, FIN) Report on the Special Report from the European Ombudsman to the European Parliament in complaint 917/2000/GG - "Statewatch"