pancreatic failure, while for end-stage failure of organs such as the liver, lung , intestines and heart it is the only available treatment. Justification If the organ transplantations which are feasible according to the state of the art are to be listed, it is important to ensure that the list is as exhaustive as possible. Amendment 2 Proposal for a directive Recital 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (2) Risks however are associated with the use of organs in transplantation. The extensive therapeutic use of human organs for transplantation demands that their quality and safety should be such as to minimise any risks associated with the transmission of diseases. (2) Risks however are associated with the use of organs in transplantation. The extensive therapeutic use of human organs for transplantation demands that their quality and safety should be such as to minimise any risks associated with the transmission of diseases. Well-organi s ed national transplant systems and use of the best available expertise, technology and innovative medical treatment can significantly reduce the associated risks of transplanted organs for patients. Justification Immunological problems after transplantation are not the best example of the potential benefits of the Directive Amendment 3 Proposal for a directive Recital 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (4) Every year organs are exchanged between Member States. The exchange of organs is an important way of expanding the pool of organs available and ensuring a better match between donor and recipient and therefore improving the quality of the transplant. This is particularly important for the optimum treatment of specific patients such as patients requiring urgent treatments, hypersensitised patients or paediatric patients. Available organs should be able to cross borders without unnecessary problems and delays. (4) Every year organs are exchanged between Member States. The exchange of organs is an important way of ensuring a better match between donor and recipient and therefore improving the quality of the transplant. This is particularly important for the optimum treatment of specific patients such as patients requiring urgent treatments, hypersensitised patients or paediatric patients. Available organs should be able to cross borders without unnecessary problems and delays. Justification Matching donors and recipients is the prime reason for setting up European organ exchange organisations such as Scandinavtransplant or Eurotransplant. This model of pan-European exchanges, effective though it may be, does not have the aim of expanding the pool of available organs. In