printed circuit boards for mobile phones and liquid crystal displays need to be amended. The Commission shall evaluate, as a matter of priority, whether the entries regarding printed circuit boards for mobile phones and liquid crystal displays need to be amended. The Commission shall evaluate whether amendments to Annex VII are necessary to address relevant nanomaterials. Justification Nanomaterials are being used more and more in electrical and electronic equipment. While many applications might not create any problems during treatment, this may well be the case for certain nanomaterials, e.g. carbon nanotubes, some of which are suspected of having asbestos-like properties, or nanosilver. It is better to assess the situation to see whether action is needed than turning a blind eye on it. This is in line with the EP position on the regulatory aspects of nanomaterials of 2009. (Reinstatement of amendment 102 of first reading.) Amendment 46 Council position Article 8 – paragraph 5 – subparagraph 3 Council position Amendment The Commission shall develop minimum standards for the treatment , including recovery, recycling and preparing for re-use, of WEEE on the basis of Article 27 of Directive 2008/98/EC by ….* The Commission shall , not later than…*, request the European standardisation organisations to develop and adopt European standards for the collection, storage, transport, treatment, recycling and repair of WEEE as well as its preparation for reuse . Those standards shall reflect the state of the art. A reference to the standards shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union. The collection, storage, transport, treatment, recycling and repair of WEEE as well as its preparation for re - use shall be conducted with an approach geared to preserving raw materials and shall aim at recycling valuable resources contained in EEE with a view to ensuring a better supply of commodities within the Union. _______ _______ * OJ: P lease insert the date - 6 years from year of entry into force of this Directive. * 6 months after the entry into force of this Directive. Justification The Council refers to the Waste Framework Directive and the old comitology procedure. Under the Lisbon Treaty, the old comitology procedures are no longer applicable. The new procedures are likewise not as flexible as the process involving the development of standards by standardisation organisations, which can review standards regularly and if appropriate bring them into line with the latest technical developments. This