leave Cuba and to accept the invitations issued by this Parliament and by other European Union bodies, 1. Regrets the fact that, despite a first temporary transfer of power in 48 years from Fidel Castro to a collective leadership led by his brother Raul Castro the political, economic and social system in Cuba remains essentially unchanged; 2. Regrets the absence of reaction from the Cuban authorities in response to the European Union's calls for full respect for fundamental freedoms, especially freedom of expression and political association and urges once again the Cuban government to undertake the necessary political and economic reforms for improving the daily life of the Cuban people; 3. Considers it inconceivable that people are denied internationally recognized civil, political and economic rights and freedoms and they continue to be imprisoned in Cuba for their ideals and peaceful political activity, and calls for the immediate release of all political prisoners of conscience; 4. Condemns the travel ban on the Damas de Blanco, the worsening repression against the peaceful opposition and the wave of imprisonments; considers that these developments run counter to the aspirations for a better relationship between the European Union and Cuba, and calls on the Council to act accordingly with its Common position on Cuba; 5. Urges the Council and the Commission to continue to take whatever action is necessary in order to require the release of political prisoners and to ensure that an immediate stop is put to the harassment of political opponents and human rights defenders; 6. Welcomes the agreement recently reached by Cuban opposition's groups under the document "Unitad por la Libertad"; 7. Calls on the Commission to prepare an action plan to disseminate amongst the Cuban people the above-mentioned document; 8. Urges the EU institutions to continue to pursue its dialogue with Cuba's civil society and to offer its support for peaceful changes in Cuba, including through development cooperation instruments; 9. Urges the Cuban authorities immediately to allow the Damas de Blanco to leave the island so that they can accept the invitation of the European Parliament and to receive the Sakharov Prize in person; 10. Renews its invitation to the Oswaldo Payá Sardiñas, and demands that the Cuban authorities permit him to travel to Europe to appear before the Community institutions; 11. Notes that the Council has decided to invite a Cuban delegation to Brussels in order to resume a comprehensive