CAR calls for respect for human rights, the rule of law and good governance, I. Worried by the arrest of political opposition parties senior leaders, journalists and ordinary supporters of opposition parties, J. whereas the fighting has been concentrated mainly in the Farchana, Iriba, Biltine and Guereda areas, located to the north and east of the major town of Abeché, the main operational base for at least twelve refugee camps; whereas the areas near refugee camps to the south of Abeché such as Goz Beida have also become less secure, K. whereas according to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) humanitarian aid activities are being threatened mostly by armed robbery and banditry in the region, and military offensives are exacerbating crime; whereas the increasing incidence of banditry in Eastern Chad is forcing humanitarian agencies to reduce staff and movements in key towns, further restricting their ability to provide much-needed humanitarian assistance, L. whereas on 21 January 2008 European Union Commissioner Louis Michel has expressed the EU's readiness to to play a mediator role in the conflict, M. whereas the humanitarian need continues to grow and many refugee camps function over their capacity while the influx of people remains, N. whereas on 29 January 2008 the Council launched the operation EUFOR Chad/RCA, designed to contribute to protecting civilians in danger, particularly refugees and displaced persons, to facilitate the delivery of humanitarian aid and the free movement of humanitarian personnel by helping to improve security in the area of operations, and to contribute to protecting UN personnel, facilities, installations and equipment and ensuring the security and freedom of movement for its staff and UN-associated personnel, O. whereas any domestic instability in Chad - together with the insecurity of the border region of eastern Chad, Darfur and the Central African Republic - will also have a negative effect and impact on the EUFOR CHAD/RCA operation once it is deployed, P. whereas the UN Security Council has reaffirmed its full support for the European Union force EUFOR Chad/RCA and the contribution it would provide to protect vulnerable civilian population; Q. whereas on 2 February 2008 the African Union mandated the Libyan leader Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, and President Denis Sassou Nguesso of the Republic of Congo to engage the Chadian parties with a view to ending the fighting and to initiating efforts aimed at seeking a lasting solution to the crisis; R. whereas