the United Kingdom owing to domestic provisions which continue to allow the imposition of forced labour as a disciplinary measure in certain economic sectors (am.29). Parliament was equally concerned by several kinds of discrimination. It criticised the treatment of Roma, especially housing policies towards them in Greece and Italy. It called on the Member States to recognise the national minorities living in their territory and to guarantee their rights as enshrined in several international Conventions. As regards equality between men and women, Parliament called on France to remove the difference in the minimum age for marriage and on all Member States to take effective action against domestic rape. Member States are also urged to promote a balanced presentation of women and men in elections and to ensure that disabled people can exercise their right to access all aspects of the electoral process. Furthermore, Parliament noted that the countries that are signatories to the UN Convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women must take all appropriate measures, including legislative ones, to suppress all forms of trafficking and the exploitation of the prostitution of women (am.6) As regards discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation, Parliament welcomed Austria's repeal of Article 209 of the Criminal Code. Parliament did not follow the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights' recommendation to open marriage for same-sex couples (am.40). Parliament believes that this issue is not directly related to the Charter of Fundamental Rights, which is the basis for the report. Furthermore, Parliament voiced its concern about the situation in Italy, where a large part of the media and the advertising market is controlled - in various forms - by the same person. Parliament recalls that such a situation could constitute a serious violation of a fundamental right pursuant to Article 7 of the EU Treaty, as modified by the Nice Treaty (am.26). On the issue of the administration of justice, Parliament was very concerned at the large number of serious violations reported by the European Court of Human Rights in several Member States on the right to a fair trial, the right of access to the courts, the right to a public hearing, the principle of adversarial proceedings, the right to proceedings within a reasonable time, the right to an impartial and independent tribunal, the right to a defence, the presumption of innocence and the right not to be tried or punished