is also very familiar with that place. (13) Insolvency proceedings may be opened in the Member State where the debtor has the centre of his main interests. Main insolvency proceedings have universal scope, they aim at encompassing all the debtor's assets on a world-wide basis , while preserving the legal independence of legal persons, and at affecting all creditors, wherever located. The centre of main interests is taken as meaning a place with which a debtor regularly has very close contacts, in which his manifold commercial interests are concentrated and in which the bulk of his assets is for the most part situated. The creditor is also very familiar with that place. (Amendment 6) Article 29(b) (b) any other person or authority empowered to request the opening of insolvency proceedings under the law of the Member State within the territory of which the opening of secondary proceedings is requested. (b) any other person or authority empowered to request the opening of insolvency proceedings under the law of the Member State within the territory of which the opening of secondary proceedings is requested , provided that that person informs the liquidator in the main proceedings without delay . (Amendment 4) Article 45 Article 45 Amendment of the Annexes The Annexes to this Regulation may be amended by decision of the Council. Deleted. (Amendment 5) Article 45a (new) Article 45a Implementation Five years after the entry into force of this regulation, the Commission shall submit to the Council, the European Parliament and the Economic and Social Committee a report on experience of its implementation. This report shall, if appropriate, incorporate proposals for improving the regulation. European Parliament legislative resolution on the initiative of the Federal Republic of Germany and the Republic of Finland with a view to the adoption of a Council regulation on insolvency proceedings (9178/1999 - C5-0069/1999 - 1999/0806(CNS) ) (Consultation procedure) The European Parliament, - having regard to the initiative of the Federal Republic of Germany and the Republic of Finland (9178/1999) OJ C 221, 3.8.1999, p. 8. , - having been consulted by the Council pursuant to Article 61(c) and Article 67(1) of the EC Treaty ( C5-0069/1999 ), - having regard to Rule 67 of its Rules of Procedure, - having regard to the report of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market and the opinion of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice