paragraph 4 – subparagraphs 1 and 2 The relevant provisions of Articles 5 and 6 shall apply to any reinvestigation carried out pursuant to this Article, except that such reinvestigation shall be carried out expeditiously and shall normally be concluded within nine months of the date of initiation of the reinvestigation. In any event, such reinvestigations shall in all cases be concluded within one year of initiation of the reinvestigation. The relevant provisions of Articles 5 and 6 shall apply to any reinvestigation carried out pursuant to this Article, except that such reinvestigation shall be carried out expeditiously and shall normally be concluded within six months of the date of initiation of the reinvestigation. In any event, such reinvestigations shall in all cases be concluded within ten months of initiation of the reinvestigation. Amendment 312 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 24 – point 11 – point a Regulation (EC) No 1225/2009 Article 14 – paragraph 4 4. In the Union interest, measures imposed pursuant to this Regulation may be suspended by a decision of the Commission for a period of nine months. The suspension may be extended for a further period, not exceeding one year, by the Commission acting in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 15(2). Measures may only be suspended where market conditions have temporarily changed to an extent that injury would be unlikely to resume as a result of the suspension, and provided that the Union industry has been given an opportunity to comment and these comments have been taken into account. Measures may, at any time be reinstated if the reason for suspension is no longer applicable. 4. In the Union interest, measures imposed pursuant to this Regulation may be suspended by a decision of the Commission for a period of nine months. The suspension may be extended for a further period, not exceeding one year, by the Commission acting in accordance with the advisory procedure referred to in Article 15(1a). Measures may only be suspended where market conditions have temporarily changed to an extent that injury would be unlikely to resume as a result of the suspension, and provided that the Union industry has been given an opportunity to comment and these comments have been taken into account. Measures may, at any time be reinstated if the reason for suspension is no longer applicable. Amendment 313 Proposal for