field of the control of entry into national territory and in cases of expulsion. It was for this reason that the Tampere European Council of 15 and 16 October 1999 emphasised the need to guarantee fair treatment of third-country nationals legally resident in the Member States. In the same way, Point 18 of the Presidency Conclusions proclaimed that a more vigorous integration policy should aim at granting them rights and obligations comparable to those of EU citizens. III. – AMENDED PROPOSAL FOR A COUNCIL DIRECTIVE ON THE RIGHT TO FAMILY REUNIFICATION. The Commission presented its first initiative on legal immigration on 1 December 1999, in the form of a proposal for a Council directive on the right to family reunification COM(1999) 638 . . After Parliament had adopted its opinion on 6 September 2002 Watson report ( A5-020/2000 ) the Commission presented an amended proposal on the right to family reunification COM(2000) 264 . on 10 October 2002, which met with serious difficulties when debated in the Council. It was for this reason that Point 41 of the Presidency Conclusions of the Laeken European Council of 14 and 15 December 2001 invited the Commission to present an amended proposal with regard to family reunification COM(2002) 225 . before 30 April 2002. It is that proposal which forms the subject of this report. Your rapporteur is aware of the difficulty of reaching an agreement on matters as sensitive as those relating to immigration, the specific approach to which and the rules governing which differ greatly from one Member State to another. Your rapporteur nevertheless considers that the current proposal has been divested of its original ambition, that its scope has been reduced, and that instead of harmonising national legislation upwards it is harmonising it downwards, with a view to arriving at a lowest common denominator for the current laws governing this area in the various Member States. Hence your rapporteur’s proposals for amendments aimed at broadening the notion of ‘family members’ to include unmarried couples and adult unmarried children and relatives in the ascending line who enjoy no other form of support and are dependent on the applicant. Other proposals for amendments relate to the introduction of a non-discrimination clause, guarantees with regard to legal process and provision for a system of penalties for infringing national implementing rules. Lastly, your rapporteur proposes certain technical amendments giving each article a heading with