apply through an open call for proposals. The EC-funded FP6 integrated projects can also be seen as PPP’s as they are based on close collaboration between industry, including small and medium-sized enterprises and academic partners. A significant proportion of the FP6 health research funds are used for these consortia in areas such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer, communicable diseases (tuberculosis, malaria, HIV Human immunodeficiency virus. /AIDS), antimicrobial resistance, stroke, Alzheimer’s disease, etc. as also identified in the priority medicines report. — Directorate General (DG) for Health and Consumer Protection is currently exploring the feasibility to set up a PPP in collaboration with European vaccine manufacturers and Member States to accelerate the development and mass production of a pandemic influenza vaccine. This PPP should focus on the key issue of clinical trials for the preparation of submissions of dossiers concerning ‘mock-up’ pandemic vaccines to the European Medicines Agency. — The Development DG is also supporting several PPPs via its development programme. 3. While it is always useful to take inspiration from examples of excellence in other countries, the creation of a European equivalent of National Institute of Health (NIH) would not necessarily correspond to the specificities of the European research landscape. It would also require significantly increased financial resources for research, as well as pooling and integrating most national resources for health/medical research — both of structures and budgets. This would imply a revolutionary step towards integration and an unprecedented commitment to health research in Europe. The research framework programme as proposed by the Commission provides various means to strengthen the European Research Area (ERA) and to pool national resources also in the field of health and medical research (for instance through ERA-Nets). It is obvious that a considerable increase in research funds and a more coordinated use of resources, both at national and European level (public and private) would accelerate the necessary basic and translational research needed to enable uptake of new research results into development of new drugs and other therapies. The Member States have committed themselves to increase their research budget to 3 % of gross domestic product (GDP) by 2010. Today only two Member States, Sweden and Finland, have reached this goal. 4. The Commission is constantly looking at ways to improve, support and speed-up the drug development process. The EDCTP is an example of this for poverty related diseases. The proposed establishment of a joint technology