of drugs is a serious problem which needs to be combated and that the Member States and the Commission should invest more resources in researching and combating such offences; 19. Calls on the Member States to make the use of hands-free mobile telephone systems compulsory for car drivers and professional bus and commercial-vehicle drivers; 20. Calls on the Commission and the Member States to step up their efforts to ensure that the use of seat belts is increased in all vehicles, especially buses; 21. Calls on the Commission to impose a general ban on overtaking for vehicles weighing in excess of 12 tonnes on one- and two-lane roads; 22. Invites the Commission to recommend the Member States to establish and maintain adequate rest facilities which respond to the criteria of the European social partners in order to ensure safer infrastructure facilities for break driving; 23. Calls on the Commission and the Member States to create incentives for purchasers or leasers of fleets of vehicles to buy or lease the best vehicles the market has to offer in terms of safety and environmental impact and that car producers develop vehicles that are safer and environmentally more efficient; 24. Is convinced that insurance companies can play a crucial role in upholding road safety legislation and labour legislation in the road transport sector, e.g. by setting differential premiums; 25. Calls on the Member States to ensure that incentives are not confined to the latest technologies for reducing emissions, but also cover significant safety features (emergency brake assistants, lane departure warning systems, adaptive cruise control systems, shock absorber control systems, etc.); 26. Calls on the Commission to investigate the effects of tiredness and exhaustion on drivers so as to reduce the frequency of accidents they cause, both among private motorists and – from a health and safety at work perspective – for those who use vehicles in their work; 27. Calls on the Commission to start an information campaign at a European level against tiredness on drivers so as to promote, as already done in several Member States, the need for the drivers to stop driving each two hours in any journey; 28. Is of the view that out of the huge selection of technologies the following solutions should receive particular attention: seat belt reminders and advanced restraint systems, Electronic Stability Control (ESC), speed limitation systems, alcohol interlocks, predictive safety systems (emergency brake assistant,