ships. Justification It should be clearly stated, for the benefit of people who at any time may come to analyse this scientific documentation, what it was that caused the Union institutions to take this action. Amendment 2 Proposal for a regulation Recital 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (1a) After the ‘ Prestige ’ oil tanker disaster in 2002, Regulation 1406/2002 was modified to give the Agency more power with regard to combating pollution. Justification It should be clearly stated, for the benefit of people who at any time may come to analyse this scientific documentation, what it was that caused the Union institutions to take this action. Amendment 3 Proposal for a regulation Recital 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (2) In accordance with Article 22 of Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002, the Administrative Board of the Agency commissioned an independent external evaluation on the implementation of that Regulation in 2007. Based on this evaluation, it issued recommendations regarding changes to Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002, to the Agency and its working practices in June 2008. (2) In accordance with Article 22 of Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002, the Administrative Board of the Agency (hereinafter the Administrative Board) commissioned an independent external evaluation on the implementation of that Regulation in 2007. Based on this evaluation, it issued recommendations regarding changes to Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002, to the Agency , its areas of competence and its working practices in June 2008. Justification The amendment to this regulation provides for new areas of competence to be assigned to the Agency and will therefore entail a redefinition of the sectors in which it may act. Amendment 4 Proposal for a regulation Recital 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3) Based on the findings of the external evaluation, the recommendations by the Administrative Board and the multi-annual strategy, some provisions of Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 should be clarified and updated. Furthermore , the Agency should receive a number of additional tasks reflecting the development of the maritime safety policy at EU and international level. Considerable screening and redeployment efforts are necessary to guarantee cost and budget efficiency. This should allow one third of additional staffing needs for new tasks to be covered through internal redeployment by the Agency. (3) Based on the findings of the external evaluation, the recommendations by the Administrative Board and the multi-annual strategy it adopted in March