WRITTEN QUESTION P-1610/07 by Jeanine Hennis-Plasschaert (ALDE) to the Council (22 March 2007) Subject: Unacceptable conduct of the Polish Government As long ago as 25 October 2006 I tabled a written question (E‑4767/06) drawing attention to the unacceptable conduct of the Polish authorities. In its reply, the Council stated that it had ‘never debated the question (…) raised’. The Council also took the view that ‘it is up to the Commission to monitor the application of Community law by the Member States’ authorities'. In view of the recent developments in Poland, including the call by Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education Mr Giertych to ban abortion at European level and put an end to ‘homosexual propaganda’, I would again, as a matter of urgency, request the Council's attention for the unacceptable conduct of the Polish authorities. 1. Does the Council agree that things cannot continue as they are, and that the misconduct of the Polish authorities should be debated in the Council as soon as possible? If not, why not? 2. Will the Council publicly state that such conduct is not tolerated within the European Union? If not, why not? 3. Will the Council, if necessary, take measures against Poland? If not, why not? In an answer to me (to Written Question E‑4766/06, likewise tabled in October 2006), the Commission informed me that homophobia was absolutely unacceptable and constituted a flagrant violation of fundamental rights. The Commission said that it was monitoring the situation in Poland closely and would investigate what powers it had to take action. 1. Does the Council agree that the Commission should be able to count on the full support of the Council in this regard? If not, why not? 2. Does the Council agree that if EU Member States do not — or do not dare to? — raise objections to abuses by one of their number, this will substantially undermine both the credibility and the raison d'être of the Union? If not, why not? 3. Does the Council agree that it is crucial that the Council should have an adequate ‘self-cleaning’ capacity in the interests of the European Union's public image? If not, why not?