WRITTEN QUESTION E-6430/08 by Ashley Mote (NI) to the Commission (28 November 2008) Subject: Fight against organised crime is a mismatch Why is the Commission still pouring millions of euros of public money into countries known to be riddled with corruption and organised crime to the highest levels, whilst at the same time making threatening demands for information about money-laundering to churches and well-intentioned charities? Is the Commission aware that I refer to the application of the EU's so-called Third Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of Terrorism Directive (2005/60/EC) OJ L 309, 25.11.2005, p. 15. , which is now being used to demand and check the personal circumstances of individuals connected to religious and charitable organisations on the pretext that they might, just might, be planning terrorist attacks? Does the Commission deem it acceptable that such enquiries to such people are based on threats that ‘non-compliance with your regulatory obligations’ would be ‘serious’? Is the Commission aware that no distinction can be made between Catholic and Protestant churches and those run by radical Muslims — or the resentment, disruption and undermining of volunteer support this creates? Is this another one-size-fits-all EU policy that ends up generating more unacceptable bureaucratic lunacy — to say nothing of the waste of officials' time on indiscriminate trivia? And while the wild fire of theoretical criminal corruption and organised terrorism in village churches in England goes under the microscope of EU officialdom, the little matter of EUR 11 billion of EU taxpayers' money given to organised corruption in Bulgaria, for example, is largely ignored. Why? Is it because the EU is simply incapable of finding the will-power, strength, resources or determination to deal with the huge problems resulting from the organised crime which passes for substitute government and dominates parts of eastern Europe and — for that matter — southern Italy, and has done for years? How long is this mismatch of priorities likely to continue?