any failure to comply with Parliament's Rules of Procedure. They shall first specify to which Rule they are referring. 2. A request to raise a point of order shall take precedence over all other requests to speak. 3. Speaking time shall not exceed one minute. 4. The President shall take an immediate decision on points of order in accordance with the Rules of Procedure and shall announce it immediately after the point of order has been raised. No vote shall be taken on the President's decision. 5. Exceptionally, the President may state that he will announce the decision later, but not more than 24 hours after the point of order was raised. Postponement of the ruling shall not entail the adjournment of the debate. The President may refer the matter to the committee responsible. A request to raise a point of order must relate to the agenda item under discussion. The President may take a point of order concerning a different matter at an appropriate time, e.g., after the discussion of the agenda item in question is closed or before the sitting is suspended. Rule 174 Moving the inadmissibility of a matter 1. At the beginning of the debate on a specific item on the agenda, its inadmissibility may be moved. Such a motion shall be put to the vote immediately. The intention to move inadmissibility shall be notified at least 24 hours in advance to the President who shall inform Parliament immediately. 2. If the motion is carried, Parliament shall immediately proceed to the next item on the agenda. Rule 175 Referral back to committee 1. Referral back to committee may be requested by a political group or at least 40 Members when the agenda is fixed or before the start of the debate. The intention to move referral back to committee shall be notified at least 24 hours in advance to the President, who shall inform Parliament immediately. 2. Referral back to committee may also be requested by a political group or at least 40 Members before or during a vote. Such a motion shall be put to the vote immediately. 3. A request may be made only once at each of these procedural stages. 4. Referral back to committee shall entail suspension of the discussion of the item. 5. Parliament may set a time limit within which the committee must report its conclusions. Rule 176 Closure of