D. whereas the CFP and its instruments, especially with regard to the future European Fisheries Fund (EFF), must take account of the inshore fisheries and adapt to their specific problems, above all as regards small-scale and traditional inshore fisheries, E. whereas it is important to ensure the future of inshore fisheries within the European Union, given their critical contribution to employment in coastal areas, while respecting the need to prevent over-capacity in this segment of the fleets and resulting depletion of resources, F. whereas, despite high unemployment and an ageing coastal fishing population, there is a serious lack of recruitment of young people in some coastal areas, G. whereas there exists a high dependency on fisheries and related industries in certain coastal areas, particularly in island or remote coastal areas, H. whereas a large part of the processing sector in the most remote regions has its competitiveness and economic viability assured by the Community support granted, I. whereas there is a serious lack of accurate statistical information on the inshore fishery sector in many Member States, which precludes serious analysis and comparison of the sector, J. whereas a new Community initiative may be beneficial to the future development of the sector, K. whereas, having regard to the crucial potential role of representative organisations in the sector and of local authorities in its development at local level, there is a need for projects and actions developed by the above in support of inshore fisheries, notably small-scale and traditional fisheries, to be encouraged and supported at Community level, L. whereas it is important for coastal fishermen to participate in the trading process, improving the mechanisms for marketing their products and promoting a review of the common organisation of the market in fisheries products so as to ensure fairer initial sale prices and promote a better distribution of added value across the value chain, M. whereas it is vital to ensure the participation of inshore fishermen and their representative organisations in the decision-making process of the CFP, the protection of the marine environment and the recovery of fish stocks, promoting the application of the co-management principle and decentralisation of the CFP, N. having regard to the insecurity affecting incomes and wages in the sector, arising from its marketing practices and price formation methods at initial sale and the irregular nature of the activity, O. whereas the inshore fisheries sector is also affected by