Answer given by Mr Cioloş on behalf of the Commission (19 May 2011) World prices for cereals continued to increase since last August, when the Russian Prime Minister signed an order banning export of cereals. More recently price volatility further increased as a consequence of the earthquake in Japan, increasing political instability in North African countries. EU cereal prices are following the same trends as in the international market. Despite the lack of exports from Russia today, there are no problems of shortage of supply either at world and EU level although price levels are high. The first cereal harvest estimates for the new marketing year given by the International Grain Council indicate a balance between supply and demand at world level. In the EU, first forecasts indicate an increase in the cereal production by about 10 million tonnes. With a view to ease the pressure on the EU cereals market, the Commission has taken a number of measures. The Commission has resold over 2.5 million tonnes of intervention stocks of cereals on the internal market since November 2010 and intends to continue to sell the remaining quantities of 0.3 million tonnes in the weeks and months to come. In addition, out of a total of 2.8 million tonnes of intervention cereals allocated to the programme for distribution to the most deprived persons in the Union, over 50 % have already been released. The remaining quantities should be entering the market in the coming five months. With these two actions, the Commission has put all its stocks on the market. Furthermore, the Commission suspended, until 30 June 2011, the import duties within the tariff rate quotas for low and medium quality common wheat and for barley, where the preferential tariffs of EUR 12/tonne and EUR 16/tonne respectively are reduced to zero for the volumes permitted under the quotas. This measure entered into force on 28 February 2011. It should not be forgotten that the variable duties calculated for durum wheat, high quality common wheat, maize (since 16 August 2010), rye and sorghum (since 19 October 2010) are all zero. It can therefore be concluded that currently all major cereals can enter the EU at zero duty.