of supply as is reasonable, to allow for any subsequent enforcement action to be taken. 2. The sampling methods necessary for carrying out such controls of pesticide residues in products other than those provided for in Directive 2002/63/EC Commission Directive 2002/63/EC of 11 July 2002 establishing Community methods of sampling for the official control of pesticide residues in and on products of plant and animal origin and repealing Directive 79/700/EEC (OJ L 187, 16.7.2002, p. 30). shall be determined in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2) of this Regulation. Article 28 Methods of Analysis 1. The methods of analysis of pesticide residues shall comply with the criteria set out in the relevant provisions of Community law relating to official controls for food and feed. 2. Technical guidelines dealing with the specific validation criteria and quality control procedures in relation to methods of analysis for the determination of pesticide residues may be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2). 3. All laboratories analysing samples for the official controls on pesticide residues shall participate in the Community proficiency tests for pesticide residues organised by the Commission. SECTION 2 Community Control Programme Article 29 Community Control Programme 1. The Commission shall prepare a coordinated multiannual Community control programme, identifying specific samples to be included in the national control programmes and taking into account problems that have been identified regarding compliance with the MRLs set out in this Regulation, with a view to assessing consumer exposure and the application of current legislation. 2. The Community control programme shall be adopted and updated every year in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2). The draft Community control programme shall be presented to the Committee referred to in Article 45(1) at least six months before the end of each calendar year. SECTION 3 National Control Programmes Article 30 National control programmes for pesticide residues 1. Member States shall establish multiannual national control programmes for pesticide residues. They shall update their multiannual programme every year. Those programmes shall be risk-based and aimed in particular at assessing consumer exposure and compliance with current legislation. They shall specify at least the following: a) the products to be sampled; b) the number of samples to be taken and analyses to be carried out; c) the pesticides to be analysed; d) the criteria applied in drawing up such programmes, including: i) the