or to third countries, are authorised by the competent authority. 1. Member States shall ensure that all exchanges of organs from or to third countries, are authorised by the competent authority , organisation or institution . The competent authority shall consult the national Data Protection Authority in respect of developing a framework for the transfer to and from third countries of data concerning the exchange of organs . The specific regime for the transfer of personal data to third countries as laid down in Articles 25 and 26 of Directive 95/46/EC shall appl y . Justification A specific regime for transfer of personal data to third countries is laid down in Articles 25 and 26 of Directive 95/46/EC. Article 21 or the relevant Recital 15 of the proposal could state that the competent authority will consult with the national Data Protection Authority in order to develop the necessary framework for secure, but also fast and efficient transfer of organs' data to and from the third countries. Amendment 90 Proposal for a directive Article 21 – paragraph 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1a. Responsibility for authorising organ exchanges with third countries may be delegated by the Member States to European organ exchange organisations. Justification The existing, tried and tested system for organising organ transplantation, which also provides for organ exchanges with third countries, should be maintained. However, not every organ exchange with third countries should require authorisation, only organ exchanges generally with a specific third country. In individual cases, responsibility for granting such authorisation may also be transferred to a European organisation for organ exchanges. Amendment 91 Proposal for a directive Article 21 - paragraph 2 - point b Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (b) meet quality and safety requirements equivalent to the ones laid down in this Directive. (b) meet quality and safety , as well as donor and recipient protection , requirements equivalent to the ones laid down in this Directive. Justification Protection of organ donors and organ recipients in third countries is strictly connected to the effective protection of organ donors and organ recipients within the European Union. Hence, an authorisation for the exchange of organs shall only be granted when all requirements of the new Directive are met also by the organ donation in the third country . The current wording is ambiguous. Amendment 92 Proposal for a directive Article 23 Text