account when reviewing and re-formulating pension schemes in the various Member States; highlights the fact that Member States in the euro zone are joined together in such a way that fulfilling pension obligations can have a cross-border effect; 5. Points out that traditions, economic and demographic situations and specific labour market features differ from Member State to Member State and that the principles of subsidiarity and solidarity, under which Member States retain full responsibility for the organisational set-up of their pension systems, have to be respected; 6. Believes that reforms in pension schemes should be carried out in a transparent manner and should guarantee that pension regimes are robust, sustainable and affordable and adequately address the demographic and socio-economic challenges of the future; 7. Is convinced that the mobility of contribution-paying workers, which the Union and its single market increasingly need, requires across-the-board portability of pension entitlements accrued in any national pension insurance schemes, whether contributory and redistributive or funded; 8. Points out that the change in the balance between the retired and working populations has weakened pay-as-you-go pension schemes based on the principle of solidarity; 9. Points out the complementarity and interdependence of the various pension scheme pillars; Consumer rights 10. Notes that many pension systems still lack transparency concerning amounts and expected pension levels, where applicable both at a pre-contractual stage and when the pension agreement is concluded; stresses that this lack of transparency is particularly problematic in the case of private pension schemes, in connection with which citizens must have reliable information available to them as to the risks incurred, relevant costs and expected pension level; 11 Urges the Member States to overcome transparency issues regarding pensions by taking a ‘best practices’ approach; asks for effective regulation and supervision of pension schemes while also taking into account the Open Method of Coordination, which is needed to ascertain that citizens’ rights and interests are safeguarded, given that a large percentage of citizens are highly dependent on pension schemes for their livelihood; 12. Highlights the importance of the proper dissemination of information to citizens by keeping them informed of their rights with regard to pension schemes, especially those relating to cross-border activities and mobility; 13. Calls on the Commission to submit concrete proposals for increasing transparency in relation to pension schemes; 14. Stresses the importance of sound financial education from an early stage; 15. Calls on Member States to