in particular: Deleted (a) the need of rapid decisions and implementation in view of the exceptional and urgent nature of the circumstances of crisis which trigger the use of the Rapid Reaction Facility; (b) the flexibility necessary to meet the evolving nature of the crisis. (Amendment 34) Article 9(2) 2. The Crisis Committee may also discuss any other questions related to the implementation of this Regulation, in particular the arrangements for follow-up and the transfer of action, where appropriate, to other instruments once intervention under this Regulation comes to an end. Deleted (Amendment 35) Article 10(1) 1. The Commission shall, on the basis of a reciprocal and regular exchange of information, including exchange of information on the spot, ensure the effective coordination of its crisis management operations with those of the Member States, in order to increase the coherence and complementarity of all interventions. 1. The Commission shall take action , including action on the spot, to ensure effective coordination of the actions under the Rapid Reaction Facility with those of the Member States, in order to increase the coherence and complementarity of all interventions. To that end the Commission and the Member States shall maintain a reciprocal information system. (Amendment 36) Article 10(2) 2. In the interests of overall coherence of Community strategy for rapid response to crises with civilian instruments, the Crisis Committee may also be a forum for the exchange of information between Member States and the Commission. Deleted (Amendment 37) Article 10(3) 3. The Commission shall promote coordination and cooperation with international and regional organisations. 3. The Commission shall promote coordination and cooperation with international and regional organisations. It shall ensure that actions under the Rapid Reaction Facility are coordinated and consistent with those of the international and regional organisations and bodies. European Parliament legislative resolution on the proposal for a Council regulation creating the Rapid Reaction Facility ( COM(2000) 119 - C5-0272/2000 - 2000/0081(CNS) ) (Consultation procedure) The European Parliament, - having regard to the Commission proposal to the Council ( COM(2000) 119 OJ C 311E, 31.10.2000, p. 213. ), - having been consulted by the Council pursuant to Article 308 of the EC Treaty ( C5-0272/2000 ), - having regard to Rule 67 of its Rules of Procedure, - having regard to the report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy and the opinion of the Committee on