be maintained until 2015, because this will allow an adequate balance to be maintained on the milk market and will enable the income of producers to be stabilised. Moves to adjust the size of national quotas should be carefully assessed after the Agenda 2000 decisions have been implemented in their entirety. Amendment 9 Recital 4 (4) The target price for milk is to be gradually reduced by a total of 28% over the five marketing years beginning on 1 July 2004. The impact of this measure on internal consumption and exports of milk and milk products justifies a moderate increase in the total Community reference quantity for milk following each price reduction, with a view to keeping production in balance with the expected trend in consumption and avoiding any disturbance of the market in milk products. Deleted Amendment 10 Recital 8 (8) The Member States should be responsible for allocating the individual reference quantities, for both deliveries and sales, requiring separate accounts to be kept for quantities delivered and quantities sold and for any overruns of those quantities. This allocation should be based on the reference quantities held by producers for the twelve months period ending on 31 March 2004 . The sum of the quantities allocated to the producers by the Member States may not exceed the national reference quantities. The national reference quantities are to be established for the eleven periods from 1 April 2004 and to take account of the different components of the previous scheme. (8) The Member States should be responsible for allocating the individual reference quantities, for both deliveries and sales, requiring separate accounts to be kept for quantities delivered and quantities sold and for any overruns of those quantities. This allocation should be based on the reference quantities held by producers for the twelve months period ending on 31 March 2005 . The sum of the quantities allocated to the producers by the Member States may not exceed the national reference quantities. The national reference quantities are to be established for the ten periods from 1 April 2005 and should take account of the different components of the previous scheme. Amendment 11 Article 1, paragraph 1 1. For eleven consecutive periods of twelve months commencing on 1 April 2004 (hereinafter referred to as "twelve month periods"), a levy is hereby introduced (hereinafter referred to as "the levy") on quantities of cow's milk and