having jurisdiction, with a view to further compensation. This provision does not apply to volunteers as defined in Article 2 (hb) (new) who have accepted compensation under the conditions set out in Article 5(1) and (2) and the provisions of Articles 7, 8 and 9 thereof. Justification It does not seem reasonable to provide for possible further remedies for those who voluntarily accept compensation for the inconvenience they suffer due to denied boarding. Above all, this would diminish legal certainty for air companies. It is no accident that the regulation currently in force excludes volunteers from possible further remedies. Amendment 35 Article 13 In cases where an air carrier or tour operator pays compensation or meets the other obligations incumbent on it under this Regulation, no provision of this Regulation may be interpreted as restricting its right to seek compensation from a third party in accordance with the law applicable. 1. In cases where an air carrier or tour operator pays compensation or meets the other obligations incumbent on it under this Regulation, no provision of this Regulation may be interpreted as restricting its right to seek compensation from a third party in accordance with the law applicable. 1a. Member States shall ensure that any claim for compensation under the principle that the agency responsible should pay can be made and enforced against any third party, i.e. even state or other authorities with sovereign powers by the undertakings designated in paragraph 1. Justification It must be stated quite clearly that the airlines and tour operators concerned which are initially required to pay compensation may on a case-by-case basis have recourse to the bodies actually responsible, for example, air traffic control and ground transport services, which in many Member States have so far not been subject to such claims for compensation owing to the sovereign or state nature of their actions. Amendment 36 Article 14, paragraph 2 2. An air carrier or tour operator denying boarding or cancelling a flight shall provide each passenger affected with a written notice setting out the rules for compensation and assistance in line with the provisions of this Regulation. It shall also provide each passenger affected by a delay of at least two hours with an equivalent notice. 2. An air carrier or tour operator denying boarding or cancelling a flight shall provide each passenger affected with a written notice setting out the rules for