Answer given by Mr Cioloş on behalf of the Commission (2 December 2010) The meeting of 28 September 2010 in Caprarola (Viterbo) was organised under the ‘EU‑Turkey Cooperation Scheme on Hazelnuts’ set in Decision 1/98 of the EC‑Turkey Association Council — in other words the EU‑Turkey bilateral trade agreement for agricultural products. This meeting usually takes place once every year and counts with the participation of the European Commission and Turkish authorities, as well as representatives from EU and Turkish main stakeholder organisations (producers, industry and traders). The main objective is to exchange information on market developments and discuss issues of interest to all sides. In relation to the first issue raised by the Honourable Member, let the Commission underline that the proposals to engage in joint promotion initiatives were presented by the Turkish administration, as well as by European and Turkish stakeholders. The Turkish side in particular highlighted the challenge of exporting hazelnuts and hazelnut-based products to Asian markets where hazelnut consumption is currently very limited (and therefore with a high growth potential). They pointed out that an increased total demand would improve market situation for all actors in this sector in the EU and Turkey. Following questions on possible EU support for the promotion of hazelnut consumption, the Commission representatives explained that the common agricultural policy (CAP) support may be available for information and promotion campaigns in the EU and international markets under Council Regulation (EC) No 3/2008 http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CONSLEG:2008R0003:20090303:EN:PDF , but application must be submitted by professional organisations coming from one or more EU countries. Until now the Commission has not received any such application. As regards to the second issue, Turkish authorities decided to introduce changes to their policy for the hazelnuts sector in 2009. The main change concerned the replacement of an intervention policy which supported the sector through price support, by a policy based on area payments for hazelnut producing regions (but not linked to the actual production quantity). Area payments are given in the best production areas to compensate income forgone with market price reductions, and on the unsuitable areas for grubbing-up of trees aimed at reducing production areas and total production in Turkey. The compensatory area payments for Turkish hazelnut producers are based on the same principles as the EU direct payment for nuts even if the amount is higher. The grubbing-up aids aim at reducing the total production area in Turkey and