the European Parliament about its intention to extend the Executive Director's term of office. Within a month before the extension of his/her term of office, the Executive Director may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. If the term of office is not extended, the Executive Director shall remain in office until the appointment of his/her successor. 2. The Administrative Board, acting on a proposal from the Commission, taking into account the evaluation report may extend the term of office of the Executive Director for not more than five years . The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. The Administrative Board shall inform the European Parliament about its intention to extend the Executive Director's term of office. Within a month before the extension of his/her term of office, the Executive Director may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. Its opinion, if any, shall be considered before formal reappointment. If the term of office is not extended, the Executive Director shall remain in office until the appointment of his/her successor. Justification The renewal of the Director's mandate should be for the same duration as for the first mandate. Any opinion given by Parliament on the selected candidate shall be taken into consideration before its appointment. Amendment 73 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 5 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 16 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. The Heads of Department shall be appointed on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well as professional competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. The Heads of Department shall be appointed or dismissed by the Executive Director after having received a positive opinion of the Administrative Board. 4. The Heads of Department shall be appointed on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well as professional competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution and response to marine pollution. The Heads of Department shall be appointed or dismissed by the Executive Director after having received a positive opinion of the Administrative Board. Amendment 74