direct or indirect control or is involved in, is, or wishes to become, a service provider in that port, Member States shall designate a different competent authority and entrust it with the selection procedure in question. This newly designated competent authority must be independent of the managing body of the port in question and must not: 6. Where the competent authority carrying out the selection procedure regarding port services in relation to the port in question is the managing body of that port and where the managing body itself or a service provider over which it has direct or indirect control or is involved in, is, or wishes to become, a provider of such services in that port, Member States shall designate - where the services in question are the same or comparable - a supervisory body which they shall entrust with supervising the selection procedure in accordance with Article 7. (a) provide port services similar to those provided by any of the service providers in the port in question; and (b) have any direct or indirect control over, or be involved in, any of the service providers in the port in question. Where the competent authority is active in one main category of port services (technical-nautical services, cargo handling or passenger services), there shall be no need to designate a different competent authority to carry out the selection procedure for another main category. Amendment 31 Article 9, point 1 1. In cases where the service provider will make no or insignificant investments in order to carry out the provision of services, the maximum duration of its authorisation shall be 5 years. (1) In cases where the service provider will make no or insignificant investments in order to carry out the provision of services, the maximum duration of its authorisation shall be 8 years. Amendment 32 Article 9 a (new) Article 9a Compensation When a new service provider is selected, he shall compensate his predecessors at the current market rate for the value of immovable assets that he inherits. Amendment 33 Article 11, paragraph 1 a (new) 1a. Member States may restrict self-handling to port users whose vessels fly the flag of a Member State. Amendment 34 Article 11, paragraph 2 2. Self-handling may be subject to an authorisation for which the criteria must not be stricter than those applying to providers of the same or a comparable port service.