November 2008 stipulates that all imports from Republic of Côte d'Ivoire enter the EU duty and quota free. Transition periods have been introduced until 2010 for rice and 2015 for sugar. In return, over the next 15 years, Republic of Côte d'Ivoire will liberalize 81% of imports from the EU (representing 89% of tariff lines). Liberalised EU imports are mainly industrial machines (pumps, generators, turbines), certain vehicles (boats, aircrafts), and certain chemicals. These are all inputs used by Ivorian industries which are not produced locally. Eliminating import duties on these products will reduce the costs of inputs for local businesses. The interim EPA excludes a number of agricultural goods and non-agricultural processed goods from liberalisation, as requested by Republic of Côte d'Ivoire, to ensure the protection of certain sensitive agricultural markets and industries but also to maintain fiscal revenues. Excluded are chicken and other meats, tomatoes, onions, sugar, tobacco, beer, worn clothes, cement, malt, gasoline and cars. Within the interim EPA, some priority areas of development cooperation have been determined in order to smooth the implementation of the interim EPA's. The main areas identified are reinforcing and upgrading of the capacity of productive sector, cooperation over fiscal adjustment, improvement of the business environment and implementation of trade rules in the agreements. Also included is European assistance on technicalities as well as sanitary and phyto-sanitary (SPS) measures to help West African exporters meet EU import standards. In the view of the rapporteur, this stepping stone agreement is only a temporarily solution and must be interpreted as such. He reaffirms that the final objective of this stepping stone agreement is to provide additional time to negotiate with the countries of the West African regional grouping on a full regional EPA. He hopes the negotiations on this full regional EPA will take place in mutual respect and will take into consideration concerns raised by the ACP partners. In the meanwhile, as the rest of the West African region is largely made up of Least Developed Countries, they have duty free access to the EU under the Everything but Arms (EBA) scheme. The exceptions are Cape Verde and Nigeria. Cape Verde will continue to benefit from the EBA regime for another 3 years, while Nigeria benefits from the regular EU Generalised System of Preferences. As Chairman Mohamed Ibn Chambas said during the 61st Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Council of Ministers in Burkina Faso,