Answer given by Mr Rehn on behalf of the Commission (8 March 2012) While the reasons behind the euro area sovereign debt crisis are manifold, the crisis has also revealed some weaknesses of the rating sector. Many of these have been addressed in the recent Commission's proposal on credit rating agencies (CRA) Proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies and directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2009/65/EC on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings of collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS) and Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Funds Managers in respect of the excessive reliance on credit ratings. of 15 November 2011, containing far-reaching amendments to the current regulation: less investor reliance on ratings; more transparent and timely sovereign ratings; more diversity, independence, transparency and comparability of CRA, as well as civil liability for these. The proposal also aims to boost competition in the rating market, such as by mandatory rotation of CRAs. The option to establish a new independent European CRA has, due to high costs and uncertainty regarding its credibility and independence, not been pursued. However, the Commission is considering ways to promote a network of small and medium-sized credit rating agencies. The Commission is in constant dialogue with other countries, such as the United States, and follows closely international regulatory developments related to credit ratings. Furthermore, the European Union cooperates with its international partners, including US, Japan, China, India and Brazil, to ensure global economic and financial stability in the context of the G20. The Commission aims at strengthening global economic cooperation to strengthen global economic stability. Two specific work streams are especially relevant in this context. The so-called G20 Framework for Strong, Sustainable and Balanced Growth, which aims at addressing global macroeconomic imbalances, and the G20 work on the volatility of commodity prices.