These would represent significant limitation of the scope of application the Regulation. - Liability : The Commission proposal and EP position at first reading contained a chapter with detailed rules on obligations of carriers with regards to compensation and assistance in the event of an accident. The Council position has replaced this by a reference to applicable national law and an obligation for Member States to ensure that any maximum compensation under national law has to be no less than 220.000 EUR per passenger and 500 EUR per piece of luggage in urban, suburban and regional services (1.200 EUR for all other transport services). The Council position has also substituted the advance payment requirement by the obligation for carriers to provide assistance to meet the immediate practical needs of passengers following an accident. - Rights of disabled people and people with reduced mobility : In this area, the Council integrated some of the EP's amendments at first reading such as AM 26 and 27 on vehicle design and infrastructure, AM 29 on accompanying persons, AM 31 and 32 on access rules as well as AM 36 concerning the publication of designated terminals. However, the Council text fails to take on board the remaining amendments and, in addition, modifies parts of the original proposal in a way that would weaken the rights of disabled persons and PRM. Most importantly, it introduces an Article which would allow Member States to exempt all domestic services from the application of all provisions concerning disabled persons and PRM. - Reimbursement and compensation for delays and cancellations : The Council text also weakens the rights of passengers in the event of cancellations and delays, for instance by deleting the provisions requiring the payment of compensation, free accommodation and transportation to a place from where the journey can be continued. In addition, an Article with additional measures in favour of passengers was deleted. - Further issues : In several parts of the text, Council replaced a formulation by Parliament according to which information would have to be provided in accessible formats by adding the words "where feasible" and "upon request". It furthermore modified provisions concerning the complaint handling mechanism and failed to take on board the EP amendment requiring carriers to publish a report on their treatment of complaints. By contrast Council took over amendment 69 postponing the date of application of the Regulation. Rapporteur's assessment and