Distributors supplying EEE directly to private households or users other than private households solely by means of distance communication shall only be subject to the obligations under points (b) and (c) of subparagraph 2 . The collection scheme put in place by these distributors shall enable end-users to return very small volume WEEE without those users having to incur any charges, including delivery or postal charges . No later than ... * , the Commission shall adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 20 with respect to a definition of 'very small volume WEEE', taking into account the risk of such waste not being separately collected due to its very small size. The obligations in this paragraph shall not apply to micro enterprises operating on a very small surface area. No later than ...*, the Commission shall adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 20 with respect to a definition of 'micro enterprises operating on a very small surface area'. ___________ * Date 12 months after the entry into force of this Directive. Justification Consumers throw out a large proportion of their small volume WEEE with their household waste, as they are often given no information as to where they can dispose of them or the procedure for returning them is not consumer friendly. This is particularly important since light bulbs are being replaced more and more by energy-saving bulbs, even though these often contain mercury. Norway and Switzerland have proven that compulsory return without a purchase obligation makes a massive contribution to achieving a high collection rate. Amendment 58 Council position Article 14 – paragraph 2 – point b Council position Amendment (b) the return and collection systems available to them; (b) the return and collection systems available to them , encouraging the coordination of information serving to identify all available collection points, irrespective of the producers which have set them up ; Justification Users of electrical and electronic equipment have to be able to determine which collection points are most convenient. Given that there are several separate collection systems, it might be difficult for users to find a collection point, and they would therefore be deterred from sending their WEEE for recovery. Arrangements accordingly need to be made to coordinate information and thus enable users to find out what collection points are available. Amendment 59 Council position Article 14 – paragraph 5 Council position Amendment 5. Member States