and up to 24 meters length overall as from 1 July 2011, and to Community fishing vessels exceeding 10 meters length and up to 15 meters length overall as from 1 July 2013. Community vessels up to 15 meters length overall may be exempted from the application of paragraph 2 if they: a) operate exclusively within the territorial seas of the flag Member State, or a) operate exclusively within the territorial seas of the flag Member State, and b) never spend more than 24 hours at sea taken from the time of departure to the return to port. b) never spend more than 24 hours at sea taken from the time of departure to the return to port. Amendment 3 6 Proposal for a regulation Article 21 – paragraph 5 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 5. For vessels exempted from the requirement set out in paragraph 2, the master, or his representative, shall record upon landing and submit as soon as possible and not later than 24 hours after landing, a landing declaration to the competent authorities of the Member State where the landing has taken place. 5. For vessels exempted from the requirement set out in paragraph 2, the master, or his representative, shall record upon landing and submit as soon as possible and not later than 24 hours after landing, a landing declaration to the competent authorities of the Member State where the landing has taken place , which shall forward it without delay to the flag Member State . Justification The flag Member State needs to be informed as well. Amendment 3 7 Proposal for a regulation Article 23 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Each Member State shall record all relevant data on fishing opportunities as referred to in this Chapter, expressed both in terms of catches and fishing effort, and shall keep the originals of that data for a period of three years or longer in accordance with national rules. 1. Each Member State shall record all relevant data on fishing opportunities as referred to in this Chapter, expressed both in terms of catches , discards and fishing effort, and shall keep the originals of that data for a period of three years or longer in accordance with national rules. The data in electronic format shall be kept for a minimum of ten years. Justification Data on discards need to