Kofi Annan, former UN Secretary-General and current mediator in the Kenyan crisis, has demanded that Kenya should make clear its position on the ICC and reaffirm its commitment to the ICC, H. whereas Kenya has a clear obligation to cooperate with the ICC in relation to the enforcement of such arrest warrants, which stems both from United Nations Security Council Resolution 1593, whereby the United Nations Security Council urges all States and concerned regional and other international organisations to cooperate fully with the ICC, and from Article 87 of the Statute of the Court, to which the Republic of Kenya is a State Party, I. whereas President al-Bashir has visited Chad, which is likewise a signatory to the Treaty establishing the ICC, although it does not comply with its obligations, J. whereas, since being indicted, the President of Sudan has also visited Egypt, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Eritrea, Qatar, Zimbabwe and Ethiopia, K. whereas in July 2009 the African Union indeed announced that its Member States would refuse to cooperate, as required by Article 98 of the Statute and whereas it reiterated this position after the indictment for genocide of Omar al-Bashir, then, by means of a resolution adopted by consensus on 27 July 2010 at its Kampala Summit, called on the UN Security Council to suspend the prosecution of the Sudanese President pursuant to Article 16 of the Statute, L. regretting the refusal of the African Union to permit the establishment of an ICC office at the AU and its threat to sanction those African States which do not respect the AU decision, M. whereas genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes must not be allowed to go unpunished and whereas the treatment of the case of President al-Bashir sets an important precedent in efforts to combat the impunity of serving Heads of State, 1. Expresses its regret at Kenya's decision to invite President Omar al-Bashir to attend the signing of the new Constitution, which brings a new democratic governance era to the country; 2. Calls on the members of the international community, including all African countries, to ensure full accountability for crimes committed against international law, particularly in Sudan; 3. Calls on African Heads of State and Governments which are signatories to the Rome Statute to honour their commitments and cooperate with the ICC in its investigations of war crimes, crimes against humanity or genocide; 4. Stresses that the