that assistance shall be offered no later than two hours after the scheduled time of departure of the flight in the case of flights of less than 3,500 kilometres and no later than four hours after the scheduled time of departure of the flight in the case of flights of 3,500 kilometres or more. In any event, that assistance shall be offered within the time limits set out in this Article with respect to each distance bracket. This assistance shall be offered immediately to passengers with reduced mobility, as referred to in Article 2(ha), and those accompanying them. Justification Owing to the definition of the concept of ‘force majeure’ in my amendment 3, it is not necessary here to list individual circumstances. Moreover, reference is made to the rapporteur's justification in respect of the amendment to Article 11, paragraph 1 . Amendment 32 Article 11, paragraph 2 2. When an air carrier or tour operator reasonably expects a flight to be delayed for two hours or more beyond its scheduled time of departure, it shall immediately offer the assistance offered in the case of denied boarding as specified in Article 9 to a disabled passenger and any accompanying person, to a passenger whose mobility is otherwise reduced or to an unaccompanied child, as well as any other assistance reasonably required to meet the special needs of such passengers. deleted Justification The provisions for passengers with reduced mobility have been included in the text proposed in the preceding amendment. Amendment 33 Article 11, paragraph 2 a (new) 2a. Assistance may not apply in situations involving political unrest or long strikes in essential services or other circumstances beyond the air carrier’s control. Moreover, assistance should only be provided where local conditions allow for such assistance to be delivered and under the condition that doing so would not further delay departure. Justification Self-explanatory. Amendment 34 Article 12 This Regulation shall apply without prejudice to a passenger's subsequent application to the courts having jurisdiction, with a view to further compensation. This Regulation shall apply without prejudice to a passenger's subsequent application to the courts having jurisdiction, with a view to further compensation. This provision does not apply to volunteers as defined in Article 2 (hb) (new) who have accepted compensation under the conditions set out in Article 5(1) and (2) and the provisions of Articles 7, 8 and 9 thereof. Justification It does not