the vote immediately. 3. A request may be made only once at each of these procedural stages. 4. Referral back to committee shall entail suspension of the discussion of the item. 5. Parliament may set a time limit within which the committee must report its conclusions. Rule 176 Closure of a debate 1. A debate may be closed before the list of speakers has been exhausted on a proposal from the President or at the request of a political group or at least 40 Members. Such a proposal or request shall be put to the vote immediately. 2. If the proposal or request is carried, one Member only may speak from each political group which has not yet provided a speaker in that debate. 3. After the speeches referred to in paragraph 2, the debate shall be closed and Parliament shall vote on the matter under debate, except where the time for the vote has been set in advance. 4. If the proposal or request is rejected, it may not be tabled again during the same debate, except by the President. Rule 177 Adjournment of a debate and vote 1. At the start of a debate on an item on the agenda, a political group or at least 40 Members may move that the debate be adjourned to a specific date and time. Such a motion shall be put to the vote immediately. The intention to move adjournment shall be notified at least 24 hours in advance to the President, who shall inform Parliament immediately. 2. If the motion is carried, Parliament shall proceed to the next item on the agenda. The adjourned debate shall be resumed at the specified date and time. 3. If the motion is rejected, it may not be tabled again during the same part-session. 4. Before or during a vote, a political group or at least 40 Members may move that the vote be adjourned. Such a motion shall be put to the vote immediately. Any decision by Parliament to adjourn a debate to a subsequent part-session shall specify the part-session on the agenda of which the debate is to be included, on the understanding that the agenda for that part-session is drawn up in accordance with Rules 137 and 140. Rule 178 Suspension or closure of the sitting The sitting may be suspended or closed during a debate or a vote if Parliament so