were urged to study closely real migratory patterns after enlargement and to abolish the barriers to free movement as soon as possible. Parliament was aware that, parallel to impressive economic achievements, some accession countries have suffered a big increase in unemployment, inequality and social exclusion. It insisted that these issues be further addressed and that the situation should improve through sustained investment in social and economic policies, education and health. It called on the Commission to take initiatives to prevent social disruption - such as mass emigration from rural areas - and stressed the importance of semi-subsistence farms. MEPs expressed support for efforts to continue policies for addressing the problems of minorities, especially the Roma, and urged the Commission to take more energetic measures to help both new and old Member States with the integration of the Roma. The new Member States should fully implement EU anti-discrimination legislation and make sure that discriminatory legislation, for example against homosexuals, is repealed. Support was also expressed for continuing the fight against corruption. MEPs called on the accession states to further improve security of the EU's external borders by efficiently combating illegal trafficking and organised crime. They were concerned about unresolved border problems between some of the new Member States and Russia, due to the Russian refusal to sign and ratify the border treaties. Czech Republic. Although the Czech Republic received good marks overall, MEPs did raise a number of points of concern. One of them was the alleged trafficking in human beings, especially children, at the Czech-German border. MEPs also voiced disquiet at the Commission's finding that the Czech Republic is not yet able to adopt EU standards in food-processing and urged immediate action so as not to endanger European consumers. Other legislative alignments still to be made concern the combating of money laundering, the mutual recognition of professional qualifications in the health care sector and financial control in connection with the regional and structural funds. The Czech authorities were asked to rethink the plans for the barrages on the upper reaches of the Elbe. With regard to the Temelin nuclear power plant, the European Commission was asked to provide full information about the implementation of the Melk agreement. Lastly, the Czech parliament was called on to ratify the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court. Estonia Although Estonia has made determined efforts to prepare for accession, there are still a number