elected, the Member who is provisionally in the chair by virtue of Rule 12 shall vacate the chair. Only the elected President may deliver an opening address. Rule 15 Election of Vice-Presidents 1. The Vice-Presidents shall then be elected on a single ballot paper. Those who on the first ballot, up to the number of 14, secure an absolute majority of the votes cast shall be declared elected in order of the number of votes obtained. If the number of candidates elected is less than the number of seats to be filled, a second ballot shall be held under the same conditions to fill the remaining seats. Should a third ballot be necessary, a relative majority shall suffice for election to the remaining seats. In the event of a tie the oldest candidates shall be declared elected. Although this Rule, unlike Rule 14(1), does not expressly provide for new nominations to be introduced between ballots during the election of Vice-Presidents, such action is permissible because Parliament, being a sovereign body, must be able to consider all possible candidates, especially since the absence of such an option might impede the smooth running of the election. 2. Subject to the provisions of Rule 18(1), the Vice-Presidents shall take precedence in the order in which they were elected and, in the event of a tie, by age. Where they are not elected by secret ballot, the order in which their names are read out to the House by the President shall determine the order of precedence. Rule 16 Election of Quaestors After the election of the Vice-Presidents, Parliament shall elect five Quaestors. The Quaestors shall be elected by the same procedure as the Vice-Presidents. Rule 17 Term of office of Officers 1. The term of office of the President, Vice-Presidents and Quaestors shall be two-and-a-half years. When Members change political groups they shall retain, for the remainder of their two-and-a-half year term of office, any seat they hold in the Bureau or the College of Quaestors. 2. Should a vacancy for one of these positions occur before the expiry of this term of office, the Member elected shall serve only for the remaining period of his or her predecessor's term of office. Rule 18 Vacancies 1. Should it be necessary for the President, a Vice-President or a Quaestor to be replaced, the successor shall be elected in accordance with the above rules. A