38, 39, 43, 53 to 59 and 81 shall apply as appropriate. 2. The committee responsible shall verify compliance with Article 20 of the Treaty on European Union and Articles 326 to 334 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 3. Acts subsequently proposed under enhanced cooperation, once it is established, shall be dealt with in Parliament under the same procedures as when enhanced cooperation does not apply. Rule 43 shall apply. CHAPTER 7 BUDGETARY PROCEDURES Rule 75 Multiannual financial framework Where the Council requests Parliament's consent concerning the proposal for a regulation laying down the multiannual financial framework, the matter shall be referred to the committee responsible in accordance with the procedure laid down in Rule 81. Parliament’s consent shall require the votes of a majority of its component Members. Rule 75a Working documents 1. The following documents shall be made available to Members: (a) the draft budget presented by the Commission; (b) a summary by the Council of its deliberations on the draft budget; (c) the Council’s position on the draft budget drawn up pursuant to Article 314(3) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; (d) any draft decision on the provisional twelfths pursuant to Article 315 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 2. Those documents shall be referred to the committee responsible. Any committee concerned may deliver an opinion. 3. If other committees wish to deliver opinions, the President shall set the time limit within which these are to be communicated to the committee responsible. Rule 75b Consideration of the draft budget - first stage 1. Subject to the conditions set out below, any Member may table and speak in support of draft amendments to the draft budget. 2. Draft amendments shall be admissible only if they are presented in writing, bear the signatures of at least 40 Members or are tabled on behalf of a political group or committee, specify the budget heading to which they refer and ensure the maintenance of a balance between revenue and expenditure. Draft amendments shall include all relevant information on the remarks to be entered against the budget heading in question. All draft amendments to the draft budget must be justified in writing. 3. The President shall set the time limit for the tabling of draft amendments. 4. The committee responsible shall deliver its opinion on the texts submitted before