monitor the supply/demand balance on the national market, the level of expected future demand and envisaged additional capacity being planned or under construction, and the state of the networks and of their maintenance, and shall assess the potential transmission capacity. This body shall publish annually , by 31 July at the latest, a report outlining its findings, on these issues, as well as any measures taken or envisaged to resolve them, and shall forward this report to the Commission forthwith. This body shall contribute to the development of the internal market for gas and to the promotion of harmonisation and the creation of a level playing field for gas at the European level by co-operating with other such bodies and with the Commission in a transparent manner to ensure the consistent application, in all Member States, of the provisions of this Directive for gas.. To this end, this body shall, in particular, seek to agree on the types of instruments and remedies best suited to address particular types of situations in the European marketplace for gas. Where the Commission issues recommendations to Member States on the harmonised application of the provisions in this Directive in order to further the achievement of the objectives set out in this Directive, Member States shall ensure that national regulatory authorities take the utmost account of those recommendations in carrying out their tasks. 2. Cooperation will take place, inter alia, in a Committee or in a group comprising European regulators for the gas sector. The Commission shall set up a European Regulators Group for the European gas market which would constitute a suitable mechanism for encouraging cooperation and coordination of national regulatory authorities, in order to promote the development of the internal market for gas, and to seek to achieve consistent application of the regulations, in all Member States. The secretariat of this committee or group shall be supplied by the European Commission. Member States shall decide which bodies are national regulatory authorities for the purposes of this Directive. 3. On the basis of the estimates drawn up by each Member State, the Commission shall launch a comprehensive survey of demand satisfaction across the whole of the internal market, taking into account the physical capacity for exchanges within the system between areas that are in surplus and areas that are in deficit. On the basis of this comprehensive survey and the national reports referred to