using standard Form A, and any relevant supporting documents shall be served on the claimant in accordance with Article 13. Those documents shall be dispatched within 14 days of receipt. The claimant shall have 30 days from service to respond to any counterclaim. If the counterclaim exceeds the limit set out in Article 2(1), the claim and counterclaim shall not proceed in the European Small Claims Procedure but shall be dealt with in accordance with the relevant procedural law applicable in the Member State in which the procedure is conducted. Articles 2 and 4 as well as paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of this Article shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to counterclaims. Article 6 Languages 1. The claim form, the response, any counterclaim, any response to a counterclaim and any description of relevant supporting documents shall be submitted in the language or one of the languages of the court or tribunal. 2. If any other document received by the court or tribunal is not in the language in which the proceedings are conducted, the court or tribunal may require a translation of that document only if the translation appears to be necessary for giving the judgment. 3. Where a party has refused to accept a document because it is not in either of the following languages: a) the official language of the Member State addressed, or, if there are several official languages in that Member State, the official language or one of the official languages of the place where service is to be effected or to where the document is to be dispatched; or b) a language which the addressee understands, the court or tribunal shall so inform the other party with a view to that party providing a translation of the document. Article 7 Conclusion of the Procedure 1. Within 30 days of receipt of the response from the defendant or the claimant within the time limits laid down in Article 5(3) or (6), the court or tribunal shall give a judgment, or: a) demand further details concerning the claim from the parties within a specified period of time, not exceeding 30 days; b) take evidence in accordance with Article 9; or c) summon the parties to an oral hearing to be held within 30 days of the summons. 2. The court or tribunal shall give the judgment either within 30 days of any oral hearing or after having received