The proposed Regulation should also provide for an enhanced role for systems such as CleanSeaNet and the electronic detection system, used by EMSA in its existing work and extend EMSA's inspection functions. AMENDMENTS The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety calls on the Committee on Transport and Tourism, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following amendments in its report: Amendment 1 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Recital 6 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (6) The Agency should enhance its assistance to the Commission regarding research activities related to its field of competences. However, double work with the existing EU research framework should be avoided. In particular, the Agency should not be in charge of the management of research projects. (6) The Agency should enhance its assistance to the Commission regarding research activities related to its field of competences. However, duplication with the existing EU research framework should be avoided. In particular, the Agency should not be in charge of the management of research projects. In extending the Agency’s tasks, attention should be paid to ensuring that the tasks are described clearly and precisely, that there is no duplication and that any confusion is avoided. Amendment 2 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Recital 8 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (8) Recent events highlighted the risks of offshore oil and gas exploration and production activities to maritime transport and the marine environment. The use of the Agency's response capabilities should be explicitly extended to cover response to pollution originating from such activities. In addition, the Agency should assist the Commission in analysing the safety of mobile offshore gas and oil installations, in order to identify possible weaknesses, basing its contribution on the expertise it has developed with regard to maritime safety, maritime security, the prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. (8) Recent events highlighted the risks of offshore oil and gas exploration and production and transport activities to maritime transport , the marine environment and coastal areas . The use of the Agency's response capabilities should be explicitly extended to cover prevention of and response to pollution originating from such activities. In addition, the Agency should assist the Commission in analysing the safety of mobile offshore gas and oil installations (including transport installations) , in order to identify possible weaknesses, basing its contribution on the expertise it