relation to fresh, processed and/or composite plant and animal products intended for human consumption or animal feed in which pesticide residues may be present, whilst providing the basis for securing a high level of protection for human and animal health and the interests of consumers. Such rules should include the establishment of specific MRLs for each pesticide in food and feed products and the quality of the data underlying these MRLs. ( 11 ) Notwithstanding the fact that the principles of the general food law laid down in Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 apply only to feed for food-producing animals, in view of the difficulty of segregating products to be used as feed intended for animals which are not destined for food production and in order to facilitate the control and the enforcement of the provisions of this Regulation, it is appropriate to apply them also to feed which is not intended for food-producing animals. However, this Regulation should not be an obstacle to the tests which are necessary in order to assess pesticides. ( 12 ) Directive 91/414/EEC lays down basic rules with respect to the use and placing on the market of plant protection products. In particular the use of those products should have no harmful effects on humans or on animals. Pesticide residues resulting from uses of plant protection products may have harmful effects on the health of consumers. It is therefore appropriate that rules for MRLs for products intended for human consumption be defined that are linked to the authorisation for use of plant protection products as defined under Directive 91/414/EEC. Similarly that Directive needs to be adapted in order to take into account the Community procedure for the establishment of MRLs under this Regulation. Pursuant to that Directive, a Member State may be designated as rapporteur for the evaluation of an active substance. It is appropriate to use the expertise in that Member State for the purposes of this Regulation. ( 13 ) It is appropriate that specific rules concerning the control of pesticide residues be introduced to complement the general Community provisions on the control of food and feed. (14) Whilst considering MRLs of pesticides, it should also be recognised that few consumers are aware of the risks arising from pesticides. It would be valuable to fully explain such risks to the public. (15) Member States should look into the possibility of publishing the names