Member State by a custodial sentence of a maximum of at least two years shall not be subject to verification of the double criminality: Justification Within the EU's common area of freedom, security and justice, in which there are no physical frontiers preventing criminals from moving around at will, there should be no penal frontiers either which prevent a law from being applied. For this reason, such frontiers should be gradually dismantled. As a first step, therefore, the maximum length of a custodial sentence must be reduced to two years. If the wording of the initiative remains as it is, much property proceeding from offences will remain immune from any attempt to freeze it and from the implications of such an attempt. Amendment 12 Article 3, paragraph 3 3. The Council may decide to add other categories of offence to the list contained in paragraph 2 at any time, acting unanimously after consultation of the European Parliament under the conditions laid down in Article 39(1) of the TEU. The Council shall consider, in the light of the report submitted by the Commission pursuant to Article 14, whether the list should be extended or amended . 3. The Council may decide to add other categories of offence to the list contained in paragraph 2 at any time, acting unanimously after consultation of the European Parliament under the conditions laid down in Article 39(1) of the TEU. The Council shall consider, in the light of the report submitted by the Commission pursuant to Article 14, whether the list should be extended. Justification Within the EU's common area of freedom, security and justice, in which there are no physical frontiers preventing criminals from moving around at will, there should be no penal frontiers either which prevent a law from being applied. For this reason, such frontiers should be gradually dismantled and the list of offences should be extended to cover (without verification of double criminality) all offences defined in accordance with the relevant legislation in force in each Member State, failing which many offences will go unpunished and the proceeds derived therefrom will remain beyond the reach of the law. Amendment 13 Article 5, paragraph 2 2. Any additional coercive measures rendered necessary by the freezing order shall be taken in accordance with the applicable procedural rules of the executing state. 2. Any additional coercive measures rendered necessary by the freezing order shall