Directive 98/26/EC Article 5 – subparagraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment “In case of interoperable systems , each system determines its own rules on the moment of revocation in its system. One system’s rules on moment of revocation shall not be affected by any rules of the other systems with which it is interoperable .” "In the case of interoperable arrangements , each system determines in its own rules the moment of irrevocability, so as to ensure, as far as possible, that the rules of all systems which are party to an interoperable arrangement are coordinated in this regard. Unless expressly provided otherwise by the rules of all the systems that are party to the interoperable arrangement, one system’s rules on the moment of irrevocability shall not be affected by any rules of the other systems with which it is operable ." Justification In the definition of ‘interoperable systems’, the term ‘system’ should be replaced by ‘arrangements’ (entered into by two or more systems) so as to avoid creating confusion between interoperability and a system as such and hence suggesting that the intention is to establish a new category of systems. The ECB proposed an amendment to the same effect in its opinion of 7 August 2008. Amendment 1 7 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 1 – point 4 a (new) Directive 98/26/EC Article 7 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (4a) Article 7 is replaced by the following : "Article 7 Insolvency proceedings shall not have retroactive effects on the rights and obligations of a participant arising from, or in connection with, its participation in a system earlier than the moment of opening of such proceedings as defined in Article 6(1). This shall apply even as regards the rights and obligations of a participant in an interoperable system or of a system operator of an interoperable system which is not a participant." Justification The amendment updates the Article to cover interoperable systems. Amendment 1 8 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 1 – point 5 Directive 98/26/EC Article 9 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. The rights of a system or of a participant to collateral security provided to it in connection with a system, and the rights of central banks of the Member States or the European Central Bank to collateral security provided to them, shall not