information is provided by means of technical data sheets, safety data sheets, or in a similar appropriate manner. B. Labelling for dosage information As prescribed in Article 11(4), the following provisions on labelling shall apply to the packaging of detergents sold to the general public. The packaging of detergents sold to the general public intended to be used as laundry detergents shall bear the following information: – The recommended quantities and/or dosage instructions expressed in millilitres or grams appropriate to a standard washing machine load, for soft, medium and hard water hardness classes and making provision for one or two cycle washing processes; – For heavy-duty detergents, the number of standard washing machine loads of "normally soiled" fabrics, and, for detergents for delicate fabrics, the number of standard washing machine loads of lightly-soiled fabrics, that can be washed with the contents of the package using water of medium hardness, corresponding to 2,5 millimoles CaCO 3 /l; – The capacity of any measuring cup, if provided, shall be indicated in millilitres or grams, and markings shall be provided to indicate the dose of detergent appropriate for a standard washing machine load for soft, medium and hard water hardness classes. The standard washing machine loads are 4,5 kg dry fabric for heavy-duty detergents and 2,5 kg dry fabric for low-duty detergents in line with the definitions of Commission Decision 1999/476/EC of 10 June 1999 establishing the Ecological Criteria for the award of the Community eco-label to Laundry Detergents. OJ L 187, 20.7.1999, p. 52. Decision as last amended by Decision 2003/200/EC (OJ L 76, 22.3.2003, p. 25). A detergent shall be considered to be a heavy-duty detergent unless the claims of the manufacturer predominantly promotes fabric care i.e. low temperature wash, delicate fibres and colours. C. Ingredient datasheet The following provisions shall apply to the listing of ingredients on the datasheet referred to in Article 9(3). The datasheet shall list the name of the detergent and of the manufacturer. All ingredients shall be listed; in order of decreasing abundance by weight, and the list shall be sub-divided into the following weight percentage ranges: – 10% or more, – 1% or over, but less than 10%, – 0,1% or over, but less than 1%, – less than 0,1 %. Impurities shall not be considered to be ingredients. The common chemical name or IUPAC International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry. name, the CAS