means of distance communication directly to private households or to users other than private households in a Member State, and is established in another Member State or in a third country. Justification According to the Commission impact assessment, adopting the European approach could generate annual savings of €66 million, as a result of a reduction in red tape. Direct distance selling is an important aspect of this issue, and should therefore be looked at more closely. Here again, however, a European approach is needed: manufacturers should only be required to register once. The amendment to Article 17 covers these points. Parliament is calling for distance selling of EEE to be made easier (completion of the internal market in e-commerce [2010/2012(INI]). Amendment 28 Council position Article 3 – paragraph 1 – point j Council position Amendment (j) 'making available on the market' means any supply of a product for distribution, consumption or use on the market of a Member State in the course of a commercial activity, whether in return for payment or free of charge; (j) 'making available on the market' means any supply of a product for distribution, consumption or use on the Union market in the course of a commercial activity, whether in return for payment or free of charge; Justification Defining ‘making available on the market’ at national level will give rise to major bureaucratic obstacles, and therefore also costs, which will severely hamper the proper functioning of the internal market. According to the Commission’s impact assessment, if the European approach is taken annual savings of €66 million will be achieved through the avoidance of red tape. Amendment 29 Council position Article 3 – paragraph 1 – point k Council position Amendment (k) ‘placing on the market’ means the first making available of a product on the market within the territory of a Member State on a professional basis; (k) ‘placing on the market’ means the first making available of a product on the Union market on a professional basis; Justification Defining ‘placing on the market’ at national level will give rise to major bureaucratic obstacles, and therefore also costs, which will severely hamper the proper functioning of the internal market. According to the Commission’s impact assessment, if the European approach is taken annual savings of €66 million will be achieved through the avoidance of red tape. Amendment 30 Council position Article 3 – paragraph 1 -