component Members are present. 7. The person elected shall immediately be called upon to take an oath before the Court of Justice. 8. The Ombudsman shall exercise his duties until his successor takes office, except in the case of his death or dismissal. Rule 205 Activities of the Ombudsman 1. The decision on the regulations and general conditions governing the performance of the Ombudsman's duties and the provisions implementing that decision as adopted by the Ombudsman are annexed to these Rules of Procedure See Annex XI. for information. 2. The Ombudsman shall, in accordance with Article 3(6) and (7) of the abovementioned decision, inform Parliament of cases of maladministration, on which the committee responsible may draw up a report. The Ombudsman shall also, in accordance with Article 3(8) of that decision, submit a report to Parliament at the end of each annual session on the outcome of his inquiries. The committee responsible shall draw up a report thereon which shall be submitted to Parliament for debate. 3. The Ombudsman may also provide the committee responsible with information at its request, or be heard by it on his own initiative. Rule 206 Dismissal of the Ombudsman 1. One tenth of Parliament's component Members may request the Ombudsman's dismissal if he no longer fulfils the conditions required for the performance of his duties or is guilty of serious misconduct. 2. The request shall be forwarded to the Ombudsman and to the committee responsible, which, if it decides by a majority of its members that the reasons are well founded, shall submit a report to Parliament. If he so requests, the Ombudsman shall be heard before the report is put to the vote. Parliament shall, following a debate, take a decision by secret ballot. 3. Before opening the vote, the President shall ensure that half of Parliament's component Members are present. 4. If the vote is in favour of the Ombudsman's dismissal and he does not resign accordingly the President shall, at the latest by the part-session following that at which the vote was held, apply to the Court of Justice to have the Ombudsman dismissed with a request for a ruling to be given without delay. Resignation by the Ombudsman shall terminate the procedure. TITLE X PARLIAMENT'S SECRETARIAT Rule 207 Secretariat 1. Parliament shall be assisted by a Secretary-General appointed by the Bureau. The Secretary-General shall give a solemn undertaking before the