fact that higher quotas were not allocated for either the 2004 or 2007 enlargement, if only at the level initially planned; Application of the CAP in the new Member States 8. Notes that the considerable differences between the agricultural sectors of the new Member States result in differences in the impact of the application of the CAP and in the scope and vigour of the challenges the new Member States are facing; 9. Notes that Community rules were not adequately adapted to the new conditions in certain markets (e.g. the markets in soft fruit and in starch) following the enlargement of the EU by 10 countries in 2004; 10. Notes that adaptation to the conditions and rules of the internal market and the application of the CAP – especially concerning veterinary, phytosanitary, food safety, common market organisation and other horizontal rules – have resulted in considerable efforts being required from farmers and administrations in the new Member States; 11. Considers that over a period of several months the Commission failed to attach adequate importance to the ban on the export of Polish agricultural products to Ukraine and Russia or to take effective action to bring it to an end; 12. Notes that, although EU-financed pre-accession programmes contributed to the preparation for the application of the CAP and twinning programmes proved to be useful, the original goals were only partly achieved and the efficiency of the Community measures was limited; 13. Recalls that the Special Accession Programme for Agriculture and Rural Development (SAPARD) started with a considerable delay and the scope was also limited, mainly owing to the complicated requirements and lack of due-time decisions of the Commission and of authorities of the new Member States; 14. Observes that certain new Member States face considerable difficulties in implementing the Community rural development programmes due to the complexity of their rules and the administrative burden of their management; 15. Reiterates that, as direct payments play a substantial role in the development and adaptation of the agricultural sector of the new Member States, their low level in the first years of the phasing-in period not only hindered the necessary adaptation but created unequal conditions for competition on the internal market as well, which many operators were economically unable to cope with; 16. Stresses the important role of the rural development programmes both in establishing a new, market-oriented approach for farms – e.g. in