access to social security and should help people make the transition into more secure employment; 20. Calls on the Member States to continue developing the policies needed to bring more women on to and keep them on the labour market, including by improving the provision of affordable and high-quality care facilities and flexible working arrangements to meet the needs of family carers; 21. Emphasises the importance of targeted activation and skills policies in supporting those with low or no qualifications who have been the hardest hit by the crisis and face the highest risk of long-term unemployment; 22. Urges the Member States to attach due importance to the provision of high-quality education and training and to lifelong learning and the recognition of qualifications; 23. Calls on the Member States to invest more in facilitating occupational and geographical mobility, enhancing the tools needed to analyse labour markets needs and reforming the education and training systems which can help to overcome skills mismatches; 24. Emphasises the importance of employment policies that contribute to job creation, for example through support for SMEs and self-employment and the promotion of entrepreneurship; Act decisively to deliver in fighting poverty and social exclusion 25. Considers it essential that Member States take action now to deliver on the commitments made to increase employment levels, improve people's skills, create job opportunities, reduce poverty and enhance social inclusion; 26. Emphasises that social protection systems have played an acknowledged role in stabilising the economy and cushioning the social impact of the crisis; calls, therefore, on the Member States, in particular when fiscal consolidation is required, to make sure that social protection systems continue to provide adequate support and play their part in safeguarding and improving skills and employability, so that human capital can be preserved and enhanced and full advantage taken of the recovery; 27. Emphasises that more effective exchanges of best practice and experience between Member States in the area of the fight against social exclusion and poverty reduction are vital and would help to facilitate the achievement of the Europe 2020 poverty reduction targets; ° ° ° 28. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council and Commission.