work of the various working parties should be made more readily available to the European Parliament and civil society. 2. Closer and better interinstitutional cooperation on consultations with civil society. In particular, a common platform for cooperation between Parliament and the Commission, with the involvement of the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions, should be set up. 3. New channels, methods and opportunities for communicating with citizens, and closer cooperation with the media . New technologies (digital technologies, Internet) should actively be brought to bear in setting up information outlets. Significant progress has been made in this respect as regards the media, with, among other things, the launch of the Europe by Satellite channel. Furthermore, with a view to predicting how the European public will react (which is a particularly complex matter, in view of the influence of national outlooks and political beliefs) and to understanding public reactions once they have happened, mechanisms such as European think tanks need to be put in place with a view to analysing public expectations and public opinion trends. 4. Funding. For genuine civil dialogue to be possible, appropriate funding needs to be made available. In this connection, the rapporteur would draw attention to the EU regulation on political parties and foundations, which is the outcome of the first stage of Plan D and which has an important role to play in involving citizens in ongoing, genuine and substantive dialogue. During the 2009 European election campaign in particular, attention needs to be drawn to European issues. EU citizens must be confident that voting in the elections will (through the Members that they elect) give them a significant say in EU decision-making, in particular in decisions that affect their daily lives. They also need to be safe in the belief that, in matters affecting them, the European institutions will not take any decisions without first consulting them (i.e. without engaging in civil dialogue). The EU funding earmarked for the 2009 elections therefore clearly represents an excellent investment in the expansion of participative democracy. All financial support – however limited it may be – for non-governmental organisations operating at national level can, depending on the national context (with particular reference to national traditions, experiences and organisational capacities), significantly strengthen civil dialogue mechanisms. Lastly, the rapporteur would urge that broad support be provided for those civil dialogue measures that have been a