Véronique De Keyser announced that her voting machine had malfunctioned during the vote on the joint motion for a resolution RC-B7-0494/2010 . John Attard-Montalto announced that his voting machine had malfunctioned. (The sitting was suspended at 13.10 and resumed at 15.00.) IN THE CHAIR: Gianni PITTELLA Vice-President 9 Announcement by the President The President announced that the Iranian Ministry of Foreign Affairs had announced the suspension of the death sentence on Sakineh Mohammadi-Ashtiani. The President emphasised the need to insist on a review of this case and that the European Parliament would continue to defend human rights in all parts of the world. 10 Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting The minutes of the previous sitting were approved. ° ° ° ° Sonia Alfano had been present on 25 March 2010, but her name was not on the attendance register. 11 Arms exports (debate) Oral question ( O-0076/2010 ) by Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš , Tunne Kelam , Vytautas Landsbergis , Gunnar Hökmark , Bendt Bendtsen , Jacek Saryusz-Wolski , Ville Itälä , Sandra Kalniete , Inese Vaidere , Michael Gahler , José Ignacio Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra and Laima Liucija Andrikienė , on behalf of the PPE Group , to the Council: Common foreign and security policy ( B7-0320/2010 ) Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš moved the oral question. Olivier Chastel (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the oral question. The following spoke: Roberto Gualtieri , on behalf of the S&D Group, Elmar Brok , on behalf of the PPE Group , Johannes Cornelis van Baalen , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Indrek Tarand , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Geoffrey Van Orden , on behalf of the ECR Group , Sabine Lösing , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group , who also replied to a 'blue card' question from Geoffrey Van Orden , David Campbell Bannerman , on behalf of the EFD Group , Andrew Henry William Brons , Non-attached Member , who also replied to a 'blue card' question from Charles Tannock , Michael Gahler , Justas Vincas Paleckis , Ryszard Czarnecki , Nikolaos Chountis , Jaroslav Paška , Arnaud Danjean , Zoran Thaler , Charles Tannock , Inese Vaidere , Marietta Giannakou , Alf Svensson , Tunne Kelam and Krzysztof Lisek . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Andrzej Grzyb , Kyriakos Mavronikolas , Raül Romeva i Rueda , Laima Liucija Andrikienė , Janusz Władysław Zemke and