writing and arithmetic). In June 2003, the UK ministers for Education and Culture announced £70 million in additional funding for these partnerships http://www.creative-partnerships.org/creativity/. . EU INITIATIVES The European Union uses cultural education and training programmes such as Culture 2000 , Socrates and Leonardo da Vinci to foster public access to art, culture and education. These programmes encourage cultural creativity and mobility, widespread access to culture and intercultural dialogue, and develop knowledge of the history of the European peoples. Their general objectives are to create a shared cultural area and to bring people together while preserving their national and regional diversity. 1. Socrates The Decision of 14 March 1995 establishing the Socrates programme prioritises projects which focus on the European dimension in general, as well as other themes concerned with cultural heritage, protection of the environment, artistic education, and the promotion of science and technology Decision No. 819/95/EC of the European and of the Council of 14 March 1995 establishing the community programme Socrates, OJ L 087. . In the general call for proposals for 2004 for the Socrates programme (Comenius), priority will be given to networks which focus on interdisciplinary topics, such as basic skills, language learning, science and technology, art education and the stimulation of creative potential Community action programme in the field of education Socrates, General Call for proposals 2004 EAC/41/03, Official Journal C177/3. . The examples below show the wide range of Community support through the Comenius programme for the role of culture in school: - Interread-Intercultural reading project - a training programme on intercultural reading education for primary school students in England, Portugal and Flanders in Belgium. - Assessment of studio work in the visual arts - a project to develop adequate assessment procedures for students’ work in arts education. - Bringing children to the world of art - training programmes for nursery and elementary school teachers in promoting the European dimension in nursery and elementary schools through a wider knowledge of Europe, and the establishment of exchange projects for teachers. 2. Culture 2000 programme Article 1 of the Decision of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the Culture 2000 programme outlines as one of the programme’s objectives improved access to and participation in culture in the European Union for as many citizens as possible. Culture 2000 involves coordination between the cultural sector and other sectors with common and converging interests, for example, culture,