the European Parliament continues actively to influence the human rights strategy and the human rights priorities of the EU, with regard to thematic issues as well as concerning specific regions or countries, D. whereas the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights has shown an impartial and consistent commitment to safeguarding and promoting respect for human rights of all individuals and groups worldwide, E. whereas the UN Commission on Human Rights is the main forum of debate on human rights within the UN system, F. whereas a negative human rights situation is often caused and/or exacerbated by the absence of democracy and inefficient and corrupt government structures, often combined with or resulting in a disastrous economic and social situation for a large part of the population, G. deeply concerned by the State of Sokoto's Islamic court ruling that sentenced Ms Safiya Husaini Tungar‑Tudu to death by stoning after finding her guilty of adultery, a punishable offence under Sharia law, H. whereas ‑ for a considerable number of states ‑ the gap is widening between human rights instruments they signed and ratified and the treatment they inflict upon their citizens, I. welcoming the growing number of people's demands for freedom and democracy throughout the world, but deploring the persistence of flagrant violations of human rights in many countries, J. whereas a permanent and constructive dialogue with the representatives of civil society, NGOs and grassroots organisations, in particular human rights organisations, is fundamental for effective action in favour of the promotion and defence of human rights around the world, K. considering that the EU should play a well-prepared leadership role in this session in its capacity of the most important actor in the 'Western Group', with a special responsibility to ensure the integrity and the credibility of the work of the CHR as the world's primary human rights body, 1. Reaffirms that respecting, promoting and safeguarding human rights is the 'acquis éthique' of the EU and one of the cornerstones of European cooperation; 2. Welcomes the fact that more and more countries sign and ratify human rights conventions, but regrets the growing gap between the legal situation and daily practice in some countries; stresses the need for full implementation of such conventions as well as effective inspection and control mechanisms; 3. Calls on the Council and the Member States to work for the universal ratification of the main human rights