Answer given by Mr Mandelson on behalf of the Commission (3 September 2008) The issue of parallel imports raised by the Honourable Member relates to the choice of the regime of exhaustion of intellectual property rights. The European Union has made the choice of Community exhaustion. This means that the right holder can oppose the import in the Community without his consent of products even when legally put on the market in any third country market. The Commission is aware of the potential advantages that the choice of international exhaustion may have on prices. Parallel imports may indeed provide additional competition that reduces prices to the consumer, by reducing the ability of the intellectual property right holder to exploit its position and to set higher prices in some markets than in others, and by increasing competition in the distribution of the product. However the application of international exhaustion in the European Union would pose a number of problems. For example, international exhaustion does not take account of differences in economic level. It might affect consumer confidence and tastes because a product sold under the same brand name in different countries often varies in taste or quality. International exhaustion also undermines the efforts made by companies to provide after-sales and quality-guarantee services. Particularly in the European Union, the safety and quality standard required of products is very high. Companies make a big effort to ensure that their products meet these high standards, which are beneficial to consumers. It is therefore normal that companies should be guaranteed the right to supply the market from their sales and distribution points in the European Union. In practice, most modern products are not covered by a single intellectual property right but by a range of rights. It would therefore be pointless to apply international exhaustion to one of these rights, for example trademarks, and not to the others since the import of a given product could, in practice, be blocked on the basis of rights for which international exhaustion does not exist. Furthermore, the regime of Community exhaustion presents a number of advantages. It increases the level of protection for intellectual property rights within the European Union and hence creates a favourable legal environment for investments in brand-related activities. It also allows more easy control of parallel imports of counterfeit and pirated products from abroad. In the light of the abovementioned considerations, the Commission does