or tour operator . 1. When a body with responsibility as laid down in Article 3(3) reasonably expects to deny boarding on a flight, it shall first identify any passenger still awaiting check-in for the flight concerned at the time check-in closes and then call for volunteers to surrender their confirmed reservations. Justification This would clarify the wording and also take account the change made to Article 3(3). Amendment 18 Article 5, paragraph 2 2. Volunteers shall be assisted in accordance with Article 8, such assistance being additional to the benefits mentioned in the paragraph 1. If an insufficient number of volunteers comes forward to allow the remaining passengers with confirmed reservations to be accommodated on the flight, the air carrier or tour operator may then deny boarding to passengers against their will, in accordance with the rules laid down by the air carrier or tour operator referred to in Article 4. 2. Volunteers shall be assisted in accordance with Article 8, such assistance being additional to the benefits mentioned in the paragraph 1. If an insufficient number of volunteers comes forward to allow the remaining passengers with confirmed reservations to be accommodated on the flight, the air carrier or tour operator responsible, as laid down in Article 3(3), may then deny boarding to passengers against their will, in accordance with the rules laid down by the air carrier or tour operator referred to in Article 4. Justification Amendment 19 Article 5, paragraph 3 3. If boarding is denied to passengers, the air carrier or tour operator shall immediately compensate them in accordance with Article 7 and assist them in accordance with Articles 8 and 9. 3. If boarding is denied to passengers the body with responsibility referred to in Article 3(3) shall immediately compensate volunteers and non volunteers in accordance with Article 7 and assist them in accordance with Articles 8 and 9. Justification The reference to Directive 90/314/EC is essential since cancellation of the flight may necessitate cancellation of the whole package, or merely make it impossible for the contract to be fulfilled once that part relating to air transport has been cancelled. For practical reasons, it is also a good idea to allow the tour operator to defer payment of compensation and to combine it with repayment of the cost of the entire package. Amendment 20 Article 5, paragraph 4 4. If an air carrier or tour