respect a geographical balance. In order to achieve an appropriate mix of geographical, gender, statuary and age amongst the agencies personnel, rapporteurs are calling on the agencies and the Commission to develop a proper career policy and to create a career profile for the agencies on the basis of an analysis that the Commission provides. They expect Council to agree on a rigorous approach in a similar way to that usually done for the Institutions (co-operation of the agencies with EPSO). 16. Staff requirements should be based on the principles set up in the staff regulation and should also take on board the agencies' specificity. The agencies are invited to give the breakdown of their staff by nationality in order to assess the respect of this principle. Concerning locations and buildings 17. The rapporteurs recall that at the trialogue of 18 March 2003, when an agreement was found between EP and the Council on the agencies' founding regulations, the following statement was agreed: "the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission would point out that the budget of the bodies referred to in article 185 of the Financial Regulation may include a financial contribution from the host Member State ". Work programme: need for strengthening political control 18. EP standing committees should confirm their agreement on the work programmes of the agencies for the year 2006. In view of formalising the political control over the agencies and to ensure that they reflect EP's political priorities, the rapporteurs wish to renew the suggestion made in earlier years that the specialised committees inform the committee on Budgets annually about their evaluation of the work programmes of the agencies under their competencies. This regular reporting could be part of the justification of their amendments. Implementation aspects - Budget 2005 19. It seems that because of the principles of new governance, providing for the Commission to focus on its core tasks, activities which require technical expertise will be more and more delegated to external bodies:decentralised agencies, regulatory agencies, executive agencies. 20. In the past, EP has always given its support for the creation of new agencies under strict conditions of political and budgetary control, according to the provisions of the Financial Regulation and through the code of conduct for the creation of executive agencies (Amending Budget N°6/2004). But it has increasingly been concerned by the constant growth of agencies over the last budgetary procedures.