Answer given by High Representative/Vice-President Ashton on behalf of the Commission (9 September 2010) The situation of women in Yemen remains of particular concern to the EU, as has been expressed to the Government of Yemen on repeated occasions, most recently at the Joint Cooperation Committee (JCC) in Sana’a on 13 July 2010. Violence against women, in particular domestic violence, is reported to be increasing while access to judicial services remains limited. Yemen's challenge — to confront the reality and hazards of child marriages — is not easy, but must be faced. The custom of early marriage has long been accepted in this traditional and conservative society. A recent study by Sana’a University revealed that the average age of marriage in rural villages is around 12 or 13. And according to the International Centre for Research on Women, up to half of girls in Yemen are married before they turn 18. Although efforts were launched to align national legislation to the international agreements ratified by Yemen, the law on early marriage is stalled in Parliament. At the EU‑Yemen JCC meeting in July 2010, the Yemeni government informed the Commission that they are exerting efforts to accelerate parliamentary ratification of the legislation. In its contacts with the Yemeni government, the Commission regularly reminds Yemen of its international obligations, as Yemen has ratified the Convention on the Elimination of all forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) as well as the Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC). The Commission pursues a continuous dialogue with the Yemeni authorities on all issues related to Human Rights, in particular women’s and children’s rights, and this at all levels, both in-country through the EU Delegation and during meetings and dialogues. Regularly, demarches are made with Yemeni authorities and Parliament, and a standing dialogue and cooperation with the Ministry of Human Rights exist. In addition, the Commission is directly in contact with civil society organisations active on the subject, and is supporting, through a number of projects, organisations working on issues related to promotion and protection of women’s and children’s rights.