Answer given by Mr De Gucht on behalf of the Commission (27 April 2010) The establishment of a Euro-Mediterranean Free Trade Area by 2010 was a realistic objective and the EU has made considerable progress towards this overall goal. In 1995, the EU had envisaged a Euro-Mediterranean Free Trade Area which covered essentially trade in goods and basic provisions in areas such as services and investment, intellectual property rights, public procurement, trade facilitation or sanitary and phytosanitary issues. The Euro-Mediterranean Free Trade Agreement negotiations today are much broader. This is why the EU needs to continue working with its Mediterranean partners to further develop a Euro-Mediterranean Free Trade Area to fulfil the potential for economic integration in the Euro-Mediterranean region. Most progress has been done in the North-South dimension. The EU has concluded bilateral Association Agreements with all Mediterranean partners, with the exception of Syria. These cover essentially trade in goods. However, additional bilateral negotiations are underway to open up additional agricultural trade, services and establishment, as well as establishing a binding dispute settlement mechanism. Some of these negotiations have already been concluded and more should be concluded in 2010. In the South-South dimension to the Euromed Free Trade Area, Mediterranean partners are in the process of setting up a network of Free Trade Agreements amongst each other. This will not be concluded by 2010, despite progress made in recent years. The Agadir Agreement (between Egypt, Jordan, Morocco and Tunisia) has been in place since 2007 and open to other Arab Mediterranean countries. In addition, free trade agreements have been concluded by Israel and by Turkey with Mediterranean partners and other free trade agreements are being negotiated. In addition, as agreed at the last Euromed Trade Ministerial Meeting on 9 December 2009, the Euro-Mediterranean trade partnership should be further developed based on mutual interests in line with the Euro-Mediterranean Trade Roadmap beyond 2010. This will include three main axes: 1. the implementation of concrete proposals foreseen in the Euro-Mediterranean Trade Roadmap beyond 2010, such as the Euro-Mediterranean trade and investment mechanism, which will be an useful information tool for economic operators in the region, notably for small and medium enterprises, 2. progressively turning the existing Euro-Mediterranean Association Agreements into deep and comprehensive Free Trade Agreements through new negotiations which could already be launched from 2010 for example with Morocco and 3. last but absolutely not least, the deepening of South-South