of the European Parliament and of the Council and pursuant to the specific provisions contained in these Rules of Procedure. Access to Parliament documents shall as far as possible be granted to other natural or legal persons in the same way. Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 shall be published for information alongside the Rules of Procedure. 2. For the purposes of access to documents, the term 'Parliament documents' means any content within the meaning of Article 3(a) of Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 which has been drawn up or received by officers of Parliament within the meaning of Title I, Chapter 2, of these Rules, by Parliament's governing bodies, committees or interparliamentary delegations, or by Parliament's Secretariat. Documents drawn up by individual Members or political groups are Parliament documents for the purposes of access to documents if they are tabled under the Rules of Procedure. The Bureau shall lay down rules to ensure that all Parliament documents are registered. 3. Parliament shall establish a register of Parliament documents. Legislative documents and certain other categories of documents shall, in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001, be made directly accessible through the register. References to other Parliament documents shall as far as possible be included in the register. Categories of documents which are directly accessible shall be set out in a list adopted by the Bureau and published on Parliament's website. This list shall not restrict the right of access to documents not falling within the categories listed; those documents shall be made available on written application. The Bureau may adopt rules, in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001, laying down arrangements for access which shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union . 4. The Bureau shall designate the bodies responsible for handling initial applications (Article 7 of Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001) and shall adopt decisions on confirmatory applications (Article 8 of the Regulation) and applications for sensitive documents (Article 9 of the Regulation). 5. The Conference of Presidents shall designate Parliament's representatives on the interinstitutional committee established pursuant to Article 15(2) of Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001. 6. One of the Vice-Presidents shall be responsible for supervising the handling of applications for access to documents. 7. Parliament's committee responsible shall, on the basis of information provided by the Bureau and drawn from other sources, prepare the annual report referred to in Article 17 of Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 and submit