to release funding within no more than 72 hours, I. having regard to the dangers facing the staff of humanitarian organisations, including dangers to their own lives, J. having regard to the strengthening of procedures to monitor recipient organisations, in particular by introducing a medium-term audit of ECHO's main partner organisations, K. having regard to the limited resources allocated to DIPECHO in relation to ECHO's overall activities, despite the fact that the mandate (Article 1 of Regulation (EC) No 1257/96) specifically provides for risk preparedness measures, L. whereas reducing the risks by stepping up capacities would help to save human lives and would be less costly than emergency aid, 1. Recommends that the branches of the budgetary authority promote an appropriate increase in ECHO's initial budget (to bring it up to EUR 500-550 million) for the next few years in order to restore the reserve's original role as an exceptional, one-off facility, and recommends at the same time that human resources be increased in order to maintain quality standards in the management of aid; 2. Recalls that ECHO's mission is to provide emergency aid, making it immediately possible to save lives, and welcomes the refocusing of its missions on this basic mandate; 3. Considers that humanitarian aid, which confirms the importance attached by the Union to the values of solidarity with all peoples, should not be subject to the political conditionality which prevails in other areas of development aid; 4. Points out that prevention and rehabilitation, though of secondary importance, also form part of this mission, and that ECHO's activity in these areas should, in a spirit of coordination with the other Commission services, be limited to guaranteeing a transition without hiatuses or gaps between the various phases of the European Union's intervention; 5. Calls on the Commission to ensure greater involvement of the other development instruments in seeking the most appropriate way of linking emergency relief, rehabilitation and long-term development strategy (LRRD), and considers that 'country strategies' would be a useful way of doing so; 6. Insists that disaster prevention and preparedness should be considered as priorities in promoting a 'culture of prevention' as a central element of the European Union's external action, and calls on the Commission to include disaster preparedness in all technical cooperation and development programmes; 7. Recommends making greater use of new technologies in the field of disaster prevention and preparedness; 8. Calls on the