for the independent media in Belarus which will encompass support for the broadcasting of independent radio and television programmes from abroad, as well as support for independent journalists and newspapers; 3. Welcomes the project for the creation of a radio network broadcasting from Poland, Lithuania and possibly Ukraine, and calls on the Commission to support its implementation; 4. Calls on the Council and Commission, in this regard, to provide the necessary assistance as soon as possible to begin the broadcasting of independent radio programmes to Belarus from abroad; 5. Emphasises that the radio network should be able to use all transmission bandwidths, including on the internet, and should be available on a continuous basis; 6. Calls on the Council and Commission to assist repressed journalists and their families; 7. Calls on the Council and Commission to create a programme of scholarships and traineeships for independent journalists, and to create training programmes for young independent journalists; 8. Calls on the Commission to consult the European Parliament on the implementation of this programme for free and independent media and information to the people of Belarus; 9. Should the Belarussian authorities fail to improve the situation regarding freedom of speech and the mass media or if there is any further deterioration, the Commission, the Council and Parliament should initiate the procedure to add to the visa-ban list Belarussian authorities involved in persecution of the mass media; 10. Condemns the government's action against the Union of Poles in Belarus as an attempt to curb the largest non-governmental organisation and one of the few that were not controlled by the government; recalls that respect for minority rights extends to freedom of association and recognition of the elected statutory bodies of the organisation; deplores the government's attempt to take control of 'Głos znad Niemna'; 11. Is in particular appalled by the recent sentencing to long terms of forced labour of Mikola Statkevich, the chairman of the Belarussian Social Democratic Party (' Narodnaja Hramada'), Paval Seviarynec, one of the Young Front leaders, and Andrei Klimau, a businessman and MP of the 13th Supreme Soviet; 12. Calls on the Belarussian authorities to stop the expulsion of democratic youth from universities and higher-education establishments, and declares its full support for those students who were expelled from such establishments for promoting democratic values and defending human rights and who started the hunger strike on May 25 2005; 13. Welcomes the