Emmanuel Decaux in his March 2003 report; 3. Urges the Turkmen authorities to respect Turkmenistan's obligations under international law and stop the attacks on and torture and ill-treatment of political opponents; 4. Calls on the government of Turkmenistan to conduct impartial and thorough investigations into all the reports of deaths in custody of Amanmukhamed Yklymov, A. Prokofiev and former Parliamentary Speaker, Tagan Khallyev; 5. Calls on the government of Turkmenistan to conduct impartial and thorough investigations into all allegations of torture and ill-treatment against those in custody, including former Foreign Ministers of Turkmenistan, Amb. Boris Shikhmuradov and Amb. Batyr Berdyev and former Head of the Presidential Administration, Amb. Yazgeldi Gundogdyev, to bring to justice those found responsible and to provide full reparation to victims; 6. Calls on the Turkmen authorities to allow the International Committee of the Red Cross access to prisoners; 7. Calls on the Turkmen authorities to allow non-governmental organisations and civil society activists to carry out their peaceful activities free from harassment and persecution and to be allowed to register and operate freely; 8. Calls on the Turkmen authorities to ensure independent observers are granted access to criminal trials; 9. Calls on the government of Turkmenistan to allow the registration of opposition political parties free from the threat of imprisonment, detention or harassment; 10. Calls on the government of Turkmenistan to respect the principle of religious freedom, abolish all restrictions on activities of religious minorities and repeal the Presidential ruling that restricts registration of religious groups; 11. Calls on the government of Turkmenistan to move swiftly to democracy and the rule of law, to conduct democratic elections under supervision of international observers and to restore the legitimate power of parliament; 12. Calls on the government of Turkmenistan to end the policy of forced internal resettlement, withdraw the clause on the prohibition of dual citizenship from the Constitution, abolish the compulsory use of exit visas and restore the right to study abroad; 13. Calls on the authorities of the Russian Federation to stop deporting critics of the government of Turkmenistan; On Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan 14. Welcomes the release of the political prisoner, Mukhtar Ablyazov, by the Kazak authorities; 15. Calls on the government of Kazakhstan to unconditionally release remaining political prisoners, notably Galymzhan Zhakiyanov, co-founder of the Democratic Choice of Kazakhstan, and Sergei Duvanov, an independent journalist; 16. Calls on the government of Kyrgyzstan to respect