carried out on a non-discriminatory basis as regards the sectors, vessels or persons chosen for inspection , and on the basis of risk management. 4. Each Member State shall ensure that control, inspection, monitoring, surveillance and enforcement is carried out on a non-discriminatory basis as regards sectors, vessels or persons, and on the basis of risk management. Justification It is the Member States that are responsible for carrying out inspections, and they in turn are subject to control and supervision by the Commission. Amendment 16 Proposal for a regulation Article 6 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. The flag Member State shall suspend temporarily the fishing licence of a vessel which is subject to temporary immobilisation decided by that Member State and which has had its fishing authorisation suspended in accordance with Article 45 paragraph 1 d) of Regulation (EC) No 1005/2008. 3. The flag Member State shall suspend temporarily the fishing licence of a vessel which is subject to temporary immobilisation decided by that Member State and which has had its fishing authorisation suspended in accordance with Article 45 ( 4 ) of Regulation (EC) No 1005/2008. Justification An error in transcription in the Commission's proposal. Amendment 17 Proposal for a regulation Article 6 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. The flag Member State shall withdraw permanently the fishing licence-of a vessel which is the subject of a capacity adjustment measure referred to in Article 11(3) of Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002 or which has had its fishing authorisation withdrawn in accordance with article 45 (1) (d) of Regulation (EC) No 1005/2008. 4. The flag Member State shall withdraw permanently the fishing licence-of a vessel which is the subject of a capacity adjustment measure referred to in Article 11(3) of Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002 or which has had its fishing authorisation withdrawn in accordance with A rticle 45 ( 4 ) of Regulation (EC) No 1005/2008. Justification An error in transcription in the Commission's proposal. Amendment 18 Proposal for a regulation Article 7 – paragraph 1 – point f Text proposed by the Commission Amendment f) fishing activities with bottom gears in areas not under the responsibility of a Regional Fisheries Management Organisation; f) fishing activities with bottom gears in international waters not under the responsibility of a Regional Fisheries Management Organisation; a list shall be drawn up of the gears referred