followed in the event of disputes, the right to change suppliers within two weeks, the right to be informed, at least quarterly, of actual electricity consumption and costs, access to smart meters within 10 years of the directive's entry into force, the right to have their electricity provided by a supplier regardless of the Member State in which the supplier is registered, access to information on the environmental impact (CO2 emissions and radioactive waste) resulting from the electricity produced by the supplier, and the right to protection against market abuse: to that end, national authorities must be able to impose " price caps in uncompetitive markets for a defined and limited period". The committee also sought specifically to protect vulnerable energy consumers. EU countries, it said, should take "appropriate measures [...] to ensure that the number of people in energy poverty" (i.e. those unable to afford heating the home to an acceptable standard, as defined by the WHO) "decreases in real terms." MEPs also urged Member States to cut the cost of energy to low-income households and inserted an amendment mandating national authorities "to introduce pricing formulas which increase for greater levels of consumption", so as to reward efficient consumption. Another amendment says that if and when electricity companies pass the costs of free-of-charge Emission Trading Scheme certificates to customers, "Member States may demand reimbursement from these companies through additional taxation". Energy efficiency and climate change Given the inextricable link between energy consumption and climate change, members also authorized national authorities to require system operators "to give priority to generating installations using renewable energy sources or waste or producing combined heat and power", except when the safety and reliability of the grid is compromised. Member States "may require that a minimum of 2% of all electricity revenues from domestic consumers is spent to fund energy efficiency". Regional integration National authorities should work together to integrate their national markets "at least at one or more regional levels" as "a first and intermediate step towards a fully liberalised common European market", said the committee, which also called for a concerted effort to integrate the EU's "electricity islands." The amended report, one of five components of the so-called "third energy package", was adopted with 31 votes in favour, 17 against and 2 abstentions. Procedure: co-decision -- Plenary vote: June II, Strasbourg 2008-05-06 Committee on Industry, Research and Energy In the Chair Angelika Niebler