Answer given by Mrs Fischer Boel on behalf of the Commission (19 March 2009) As regards state aid, the EC Treaty prohibits granting of state aid to companies that distorts or threatens to distort competition on the common market. There is a limited number of exceptions to this rule. state aid can be granted in order to support certain objectives. Yet, all Member States willing to grant state aid to companies must respect the same rules. In this context, any state aid the German Government may intend to grant to its car industry must be in conformity with state aid rules. The Commission is not aware that Germany intends to give aid for advertising to its car industry. There is therefore no parallel, between the situation described by the Honourable Member and that referring to the German car industry. As regards advertising agricultural products, state aid for that purpose can be authorised by the Commission if it complies with the provisions of Section VI.D of the Community Guidelines for state aid in the agriculture and forestry sector 2007 to 2013 OJ C 319, 27.12.2006. . The Member State must notify such aid to the Commission and may grant it only after the Commission's authorisation. State aid for advertising campaigns aimed at reinforcing the preferences of domestic consumers in favour of products of the same Member States is incompatible with Article 28 of the Treaty. Therefore the Commission will not, as a rule, authorise state aid advertising where reference is made to the origin of products. The rule encompasses the mentions of national, regional or local origin in any form including text, national symbols, and comparable messages such as typical and recognisable landscapes. However, point 154 of the above Guidelines provides that where the advertising campaign is earmarked for Community-recognised denominations, reference may be made to the origin of the products provided that the reference corresponds exactly to those references that have been registered by the Community. Point 155 provides that, in case of national or regional quality labels, the origin may be mentioned as a subsidiary message when certain conditions are met. State aid rules do not apply to advertising, including product labels, paid for entirely by the economic operators themselves without any public money. As far as the state aid rules are concerned, operators are free to indicate the origin of their products and production methods for instance on