Answer given by Mr Piebalgs on behalf of the Commission (23 November 2010) The Commission has closely followed the food security debate that developed since the Russian export restrictions on wheat were announced, and is well aware of the instability in Mozambique that followed after the hike in the price of bread. Following the news on Russia's wheat export restriction, the wheat price shot up by about 50 %. This caused many to make comparisons with the 2007/08 food price crisis. However, today the situation on the global cereals market is different from the one three years ago and this has been acknowledged recently during the Inter-Governmental Group on Cereals and Rice. Two core factors that are different today refer to: — global stocks are satisfactory: world grain stocks have been rebuilt after two consecutive record harvests (2008/09 and 2009/10) and the stocks-to-use ratio at world level is five percentage points higher than in 2007/08. — economic conditions: the 2007-08 food price crisis coincided with a boom in global economic activity and with high commodity prices in general. Currently the economic conditions are different, leading to a slower growth in demand and thereby less upward pressure on prices. The Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) has pointed out that world cereal output in 2010 will be the third highest on record and above the five-year average. Despite the low Russian, Ukrainian and Canadian harvests, there is no under-supply problem at global or EU level. For the current year, EU‑27 cereals production is now estimated at nearly 278 million tonnes, which is slightly below the average of the last five marketing years but well above the low production of 256 million tonnes in 2007. Nevertheless, higher grain prices — when high for a sufficiently long period- do affect food importing developing countries and particularly the poor; the magnitude depending on the price transmission mechanism. But with a weaker integration into the world market, price transmission is often weaker and slower. Bread prices in Mozambique are controlled by the Government and do not reflect market developments. The Government decided to increase prices of bread (30 %), water, electricity and some other products in relation to the depreciation of the Mozambican Metical. Following the instability, the Mozambican Government reversed its decision on the price of bread.