Answer given by Mr Vitorino on behalf of the Commission (28 April 2003) In the field of asylum, there are no Community provisions in place based on Article 63 of the EC Treaty related to the situation described in the question. In particular, the proposal for a Directive on minimum standards for the qualification as a refugee or as a person otherwise in need of international protection OJ C 51 E, 26.2.2002 . is still under negotiation in the Council. At present there is, therefore, no Community law in place that would enable the Commission to make inquiries about individual asylum and immigration cases and, therefore, there is no power to intervene on that basis with the Member States. Article 7(d) of the Commission's proposal states that in case of women applicants, account shall be taken of the fact that persecution, within the meaning of the Geneva Convention, may be effected through sexual violence or other gender-specific means. It should be borne in mind that in many cases gender-specific violence is purely a form of persecution and any of the persecution grounds as mentioned in the 1951 Refugee Convention may be applicable. However, sexual violence to refugee women, such as Female Genital Mutilation (FGM), can also be inflicted for the sole reason of their gender. In such situations, the persecution ground membership of a particular social group could apply. As regards this particular ground, Article 12(d) of the proposal sets out rules for interpretation. Its applicability will depend on particular circumstances and contexts in the country of origin and the characteristics of the persecution and the persecuted. The rules foresee the inclusion of groups of individuals who are treated as inferior or as second class in the eyes of the law, which thereby condones persecution at the hands of private individuals or other non-state actors, or where the State uses the law in a discriminatory manner and refuses to invoke the law to protect that group. This may be the case in situations where women are the victims of domestic violence, including sexual violence and mutilations, in those States where they are unable to obtain effective protection against such abuse because of their gender or social status as married women, daughters, widows or sisters, in that society. The Honourable Member is, however, advised that the Council has not yet adopted the above Directive. In Kenya, FGM was formally banned for