Question for written answer E-001258/2011 to the Council Rule 117 Lucas Hartong (NI) and Daniël van der Stoep (NI) (25 February 2011) Subject: Provision of emergency aid in Pakistan by the terrorist organisation Jamaat e Dawa On 19 January 2011, the Council answered the questions tabled by Lucas Hartong, MEP, and Daniël van der Stoep, MEP. 1. Is the Council aware how inadequate the answers were which it gave (ref. E‑9625/2010)? 2. Does the Council agree that it would be the utmost hyperbole to describe them as proper ‘answers’, and that a better description would be ‘evading the question’? If not, why not? 3. Can the Council therefore now attempt to study the report entitled ‘Radicale moslims verlenen hulp in Pakistan’ [Radical Muslims provide aid in Pakistan] by simply clicking on the link http://nos.nl/video/179816-radicale-moslims-verlenen-hulp-in-pakistan.html ? If not, why not? 4. Does the Council agree that the statement made to flood victims in Pakistan by an ‘aid worker’ from the terrorist organisation Jamaat e Dawa, namely ‘Let us pray that all infidels die quickly and that we, the Muslims, will come to power’, is too appalling and ridiculous for words? If not, why not? 5. Does the Council agree that Jamaat e Dawa and other Islamic terrorist organisations in Pakistan or anywhere else in the world should not receive a cent in aid (including emergency aid)? If not, why not? 6. Can the Council accordingly guarantee that in future no funding will be provided to such Islamic terrorist organisations as Jamaat e Dawa? If not, why not? 7. Can the Council answer these questions, without taking refuge behind its assertion that it is not its policy to comment on articles appearing in the press or on popular websites? If not, why not? 8. Does the Council agree that it is extremely bizarre that questions for written answer tabled by other Members, likewise referring to online press articles, are indeed answered properly (e.g. Schaake: E‑9539/2010), and can it account for this? If not, why not?