time and on-call time. After years of negotiations to reform the directive, the European Parliament and Council could not find a compromise on three crucial points: the opt-out, on-call time and multiple contracts. Since there is no agreement, the current directive remains into force. The Commission can draft a new proposal from scratch to take account the rulings of the European Court of Justice on on-call time. Equal rights for temporary agency workers Temporary agency workers will have the same rights as those employed directly by the company to which they are assigned. Equal treatment will apply from day one unless the social partners agree otherwise, as in the UK, where it only applies after 12 weeks. Basic conditions such as pay, training, maternity leave, holidays, are included, as well as access to facilities such as canteens, childcare or transport. Adopted by EP: 22. 10. 2008 (co-decision, 2nd reading) Fully applicable from: three years after entry into force (end of 2011) Recognition of qualifications to facilitate working abroad With the aim of helping professionals such as doctors, nurses and architects to work in another Member State, a new directive provides for the recognition of diplomas obtained in any country of the European Union. Notaries public were excluded. Member States have the power to check qualifications before allowing individuals to practise. Adopted by EP: 11. 5. 2005 (co-decision) Fully applicable from: 20. 10. 2007 Services directive − no change of labour law The services directive, which removes obstacles to the establishment and provision of cross-border services, was amended by Parliament to make clear that national labour law, working conditions and social security legislation were not affected and remain unchanged. Adopted by EP: 15. 11. 2006 (co-decision, 2nd reading) Fully applicable from: 28. 12. 2009 New Fund to help people back to work Parliament adopted a first -reading agreement with Council to broaden temporarily the scope of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund. The aim of the agreement adopted by the European Parliament with 538 votes in favour, 35 against and 37 abstentions - rapporteur Gabriele Stauner (EPP-ED, DE) - is to provide support to workers made redundant as a direct result of the global financial and economic crisis. Member States applying for an EGF contribution should therefore establish a "direct and demonstrable" link between the redundancies and the financial and economic crisis. The derogation applies to all application receives from 1 May