employed, ticketing schemes, fluctuations in passenger numbers between services in peak and off-peak periods, bus codes and timetables. Justification It should not be possible to exclude regional services from the scope of the Regulation. This is in line with the EP position at first reading but not going as far, since it would not anymore be required to prove, as a condition for their exemption, that they are covered by public service contracts ensuring a comparable level of passenger rights. When identifying urban or suburban transport, Member States should be allowed to refer to their domestic and local situation. Amendment 2 Council position – amending act Recital 6 Council position Amendment (6) Passengers and, as a minimum, persons whom the passenger had, or would have had, a legal duty to maintain should enjoy adequate protection in the event of accidents arising out of the use of the bus or coach, taking into account Directive 2009/103/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 relating to insurance against civil liability in respect of the use of motor vehicles and the enforcement of the obligation to insure against such liability. (6) Passengers should enjoy liability rules comparable to those applicable to other modes of transport in the event of accidents resulting in death or injury. Justification The Council position waters down significantly the provisions on liability as compared to both the original Commission proposal and the EP position at first reading. The amendment aims to restore the EP position at first reading. Amendment 3 Council position – amending act Recital 7 Council position Amendment (7) In choosing the national law applicable to compensation for death or personal injury as well as for loss of or damage to luggage due to accidents arising out of the use of the bus or coach, Regulation (EC) No 864/2007 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 July 2007 on the law applicable to non-contractual obligations (Rome II) and Regulation (EC) No 593/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 June 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations (Rome I) should be taken into account. (7) Carriers should be liable for loss or damage of passengers' luggage on terms comparable to those applicable to other modes of transport . Justification The amendment restores EP position at first reading by re-introducing the provision on damages which is