made, thus assuring the highest possible protection of living donors. Amendment 70 Proposal for a directive Article 15 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Member States shall ensure that living donors are selected on the basis of their health and medical history, including a psychological evaluation if deemed necessary, by qualified and trained professionals. Such assessments may provide for the exclusion of persons whose donation could present a health risk to others, such as the possibility of transmitting diseases, or a serious risk to themselves. 2. Member States shall ensure that living donors are selected on the basis of their health and medical history, including a psychological evaluation if deemed necessary, by qualified and trained professionals. Such assessments may provide for the exclusion of persons whose donation could present a health risk to others, such as the possibility of transmitting diseases, or a serious risk to themselves. Member States shall also ensure that living donors are legally insured. Justification Legal insurance cover is important to protect living donors. In altruistically donating organs, living donors face a significant health risk which such a measure will help to mitigate. Amendment 71 Proposal for a directive Article 15 – paragraph 3 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3 a. Member States shall ensure that no organ removal may be carried out on a person who under national law does not have the capacity to consent to it . Justification Persons not having the capacity to consent to a medical procedure are in an especially dire need of protection. This may concern minors, but also adult persons lacking legal capacity. While reflecting Article 14 § 1 of the Additional Protocol to the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine, on Transplantation of Organs and Tissues of Human Origin, this amendment leaves it to the Member States to determine under which conditions a person is or is not capable to consent to a medical procedure. Amendment 72 Proposal for a directive Article 15 – paragraph 3 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3 b. Member States shall ensure follow-up in relation to living donors in accordance with national provisions, in order to identify, report, and manage any event potentially relating to the quality and safety of the donated organ, and hence of the safety of the recipient, as well as any serious adverse reaction in the living donor