to disguise the commercial intent of the communication. (18) Procuring in a fraudulent manner the signature by the consumer of waivers of the legal protection set out in this Directive. (19) The practice of going into liquidation or changing ownership with the express purpose of avoiding liabilities and previous agreements (Phoenix companies). (20) Competitions and prize promotions in schemes where there has not been and there is no intention of providing the prizes described. Aggressive commercial practices (1) Creating the impression that the consumer cannot leave the premises until the contract is signed or the payment made. (2) Conducting prolonged and/or repeated personal visits to the consumer's home ignoring the consumer's request to leave and not to return . (3) Making persistent and unwanted solicitations by telephone, fax, e-mail or other remote media once the consumer has made clear that these solicitations are no longer desired . "Solicitation" does not extend to legitimate activity to enforce a contract obligation which may or may not lead to a new contract. (4) Targeting consumers who have recently suffered a bereavement or serious illness in their family in order to sell a product which bears a direct relationship with the misfortune. This provision shall not apply to funeral directors or associated trades. (5) Requiring an insured person to produce documents which could not reasonably be considered relevant as to whether his insurance claim was valid with a view to dissuading the consumer from exercising his contractual rights. (6) Advertising to children in a way which implies that their acceptance by their peers is dependent on them buying or being bought a particular product. This provision is without prejudice to Article 16 of Directive 89/552/EEC on television broadcasting Council Directive 89/552/EEC of 3 October 1989 on the co-ordination of certain provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action in Member States concerning the pursuit of television broadcasting activities (OJ L 298, 17.10.1989, p. 23). Directive as amended by Directive 97/36/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (OJ L 202, 30.7.1997, p. 60). . (7) Demanding payment for or the return of products supplied by the trader, but which were not solicited by the consumer (inertia selling). Except in the case of substitute goods as established in Article 7(3) of Directive 97/7/EC. - Imposing onerous or unreasonable obstacles, whether procedural or substantive, on consumers who wish to exercise their right to terminate