rewards inbreeding. To that extent, administrative machinery and the teaching and research career structure deter those seeking to map out an open future driven by cooperation in a Europe without frontiers. 4. The Bologna Process: convergence proposals and need for a flexible system The Community programmes that operate directly or indirectly in the university sphere (Socrates/Erasmus, Leonardo, etc.) largely accord with the guidelines charted in the ‘Bologna Process’ , based on the 1999 ‘Bologna Declaration’, the ultimate goal of which is to establish a ‘European higher education area’. In this intergovernmental process, in which 32 European countries are taking part and the European University Association (EUA), the National Unions of Students in Europe (ESIB), and the Council of Europe are involved as observers, the Commission is a full member of the follow-up group. The process has enabled the initiatives which universities and other bodies involved have been pursuing since the 1988 ‘Magna Charta’ to be systematically organised in a unified project based on the guidelines on comparable and comprehensible degree and diploma systems, credit systems, mobility, quality, and so forth. At the same time, many universities and countries have been endeavouring to bring their higher education legislation into line with the core aims of Bologna. However, the difficulties encountered when attempting to harmonise the structure of degree and diploma systems with a view to introducing the ECTS system, the reluctance to recognise qualifications, and the cool reception given to transparent external assessment systems have meant that progress has been slower than expected. Certain assessments of the Bologna Process obtained at the public hearing on universities, held at Parliament in February 2002, along with the opinions put forward at the May 2001 Prague Summit, were revealing in that respect. Some circles have expressed apprehension about over-simplistic moves towards harmonisation that could limit university autonomy. This indeterminate mistrust is quite unrelated to the degree of autonomy accorded by law and stems instead from the desire to maintain a defensive stance in the face of outside behests, which would put those who did not wish to embrace changes in a difficult position. However, another much more justified fear has emerged, namely of bureaucratic standardisation and the possibility that the structure of qualifications, curriculum planning, or the recognition of merit might be made subject to fixed uniform criteria. These views should be weighed up because the need for convergence must not reduce diversity or