growth, deterring investment in the economy and basic services (according to a recent report Safer World, Oxfam, IANSA report October 2007- Africa's Missing Billions. armed conflict has been shown to shrink an African nation's economy by 15 %); whilst a healthy private sector can eventually provide the basis for sustainable revenues for a legitimate government, H. whereas long-term stability can only be achieved through an inclusive involvement in peacemaking, national reconciliation and nation-building of all interested parties, including women and minorities, I. whereas truth and reconciliation commissions can assist in helping societies to face legacies of mass abuse, help facilitate dialogue between communities and formerly opposing sides of a conflict, and contribute to justice, reparation and reform measures that will reduce the likelihood of future conflict, J. whereas the institutional framework for allowing civil society to develop comes from freedom of association and expression and the development of free media protected by law, K. whereas a sustainable well-functioning state also requires a strong civil society to protect people from abuses of power, and a free press pushes against the actions of an over-mighty executive, L. whereas states in situations of fragility must be encouraged to allow non-governmental organisations (NGOs) to operate free from unduly bureaucratic registration laws and processes which hinder the development of a truly effective civil society, M. whereas the average developing country hosts 260 visits from donors a year and in 2006, across all developing countries, donors directed 70,000 aid transactions and the average project size was only USD 1,7 million, N. whereas the OECD/DAC 2007 peer review on EC Development Cooperation Policy states that the EU should make "more systematic use of conflict analysis as part of country-level programmes and projects" to "improve their impact and ensure they "do no harm", O. whereas the Commission, as a follow-up to the Communication on the EU response to situations of fragility and the subsequent Council Conclusions and Parliament´s resolution, has to prepare an Implementation Plan in 2009 taking into account the experience and information acquired through the "pilot cases" and as a means of assessing the efficiency of the different EU instruments with a view to their optimisation in the area of security and development, P. whereas, apart from the designation of six pilot countries (Burundi, Guinea-Bissau, Haiti, Sierra Leone, East Timor and Yemen), the discussions launched between the Commission, the Council, the European Parliament and civil society