Answer given by Mr Potočnik on behalf of the Commission (25 April 2008) The Commission under the previous Framework Programmes for Research and Technological Development (and in particular the 5th and 6th Framework Programmes) has given significant financial support to research in the field of clean and ‘low carbon’ energy technologies and in exploring ways to reduce the levels of greenhouse gases. In the 7th Framework Programme, the Energy theme is fully focussed on clean and low carbon energy technologies supported under the headings of renewable electricity generation, renewable fuel production, renewables for heating and cooling, clean coal with carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) capture and storage, and fuel cells and hydrogen. Some of the other energy themes such as smart electricity networks and energy efficiency include cross-cutting research themes relevant to low carbon energy technology. The deployment of energy technologies is more particularly addressed by the Intelligent Energy Europe element of the Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme, which focuses on non technological barriers and capacity building. The budget for the Energy theme in the 7th Framework Programme is EUR 2 350 million. Furthermore, under the 7th Framework Programme's Environment theme, emphasis is given to research actions addressing the issue of mitigation of climate change along various strands. These include: the role of various sectors with regard to emission reduction, the related costs and the benefits gained through other greenhouse gas reduction measures (for example on air pollution), promotion of innovative environmental technologies, as well as the synergies, trade-offs and conflicts that exist between mitigation and adaptation policies and measures. The budget for the Environment theme in the 7th Framework Programme is EUR 1 890 million. A detailed list of research projects and their monetary value in terms of total costs and EC contribution is provided in the set of tables sent directly to the Honourable Member and to Parliament's Secretariat. Beyond the Energy and Environment Themes, it has to be noted that other Themes under Cooperation, in particular ‘Transport including Aeronautics’, but also ‘Food, Agriculture and Fisheries, and Biotechnology’, ‘Information and Communications Technologies’, ‘Nano-sciences, Nano-technologies, Materials and new Production Technologies’, and ‘Socioeconomic Sciences and the Humanities’ also contribute directly and indirectly to the reduction of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. The Commission would also like to inform the Honourable Member about a new portal that has been launched recently on Europa, ‘Research for sustainable development’: http://ec.europa.eu/research/sd/index_en.html, where the contribution