the PDB rather than the budget. She looks forward to the Commission's presentation of its new communication strategy: she hopes that, in the interim, the Inter-Institutional Working Group on information and communication, and the Committees on Budgets and on Budgetary Control, will consider the most appropriate means of encouraging the Commission to improve implementation of the budget in this policy area. 21. PRINCE : The draftsman is puzzled by the Commission's proposals for two of the PRINCE lines. Will there really be less need in 2006 than in 2005 for information about Europe as an area of freedom, security and justice (Article 18 08 01)? And a cut of two-thirds in appropriations for Article 25 03 02 (Debate on the future of the European Union) now seems particularly ill-judged. 22. Other information actions : The PDB also proposes reductions compared with budget 2005 in appropriations for lines 16 03 02 (Actions in the field of communication), 16 04 02 (Tools for information to the citizens) 16 04 03 (Communication tools) and 16 05 01 (Information outlets). 23. Rather than adopting a horizontal approach to this policy area, the draftsman believes that the proposals in the PDB must be considered line by line. The Commission must provide more information about the reasons for its under-implementation of these lines in the recent past; it must explain the reasoning behind its proposals in PDB 2006; and it must offer at least some indication of how the actions supported by these lines will fit together in its new information and communication strategy. Policy area 26 24. The existence of the European Schools is necessary for the proper functioning of the European institutions: provision of a mother-tongue education for the children of officials plays an essential role in the recruitment and retention of suitably qualified staff to work in the European public service. The Community contributes about 57% of the total budget of the schools; the Member States, which pay the salaries of seconded teachers and provide and maintain the schools' buildings free of charge, contribute about 22%; other income sources, including parents' contributions (about one tenth of the total budget), a contribution from the European Patent Office and contributions from other parties to agreements with the schools, make up the balance. 25. Changes in the budget of the individual schools, and consequently in the Community's contribution to these, are explained essentially by inflation, increases