Answer given by Mr Verheugen on behalf of the Commission (18 January 2007) ‘Enterprise experience’ has been launched as a part of the partnership for growth and jobs. It is particularly designed as a training scheme to enable administrators to improve their understanding of the business Commission environment, notably of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Visiting the firms will give the staff a vivid image of the reality of life for an SME and greater sensitivity to the preoccupations of a small business. By 2009, all of the administrators of Directorate-General Enterprise and Industry will take part in the programme which is being run in close cooperation with three EU‑level business organisations (UNICE Union of Industrial and Employers' Confederations of Europe. , Eurochambres, and UEAPME European Union of Crafts and Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises. ). The Enterprise Experience programme also responds to the goal of the Commission to better communicate EU policies to its SME stakeholders, in accordance with the Commission’s 2005 action plan on communicating Europe. The programme’s specificity will help to bring the Commission closer to businesses and their local communities. Officials participating in the ‘Enterprise experience’ programme provide a full debriefing on their return and the results of this innovative training experience will be disseminated within as well as outside the Commission. However, it would be wrong to infer that, in the absence of such schemes, officials of the European Commission do not have regard to the impact of legislative proposals on businesses for non-governmental organisations (NGO's) and the society at large. For example, many of the officials within DG Enterprise and Industry have worked in the private sector or in addition, in its better regulation initiative, the Commission has decided to ensure that the impact of legislation is assessed in advance, including through stakeholder consultation. Up to now, DG Enterprise and Industry is the first Directorate-General within the EU Commission that runs such a training scheme.