in accessible formats. - Reimbursement and compensation for delays and cancellations : Parliament reduced the amount of compensation due for cancellations and long delays (in case the undertaking fails to provide either alternative services or adequate information) from 100% to 50% of the ticket price, since it would be payable in addition to reimbursement of the ticket. However, it introduced provisions ensuring that passengers are offered meals, refreshments, accommodation and transport to a place from where the journey can be continued, if necessary. - Further amendments : The remaining amendments concern, among other things, certain definitions (transport contract, ticket vendor and tour operator) as well as the independence of enforcement bodies and their co-operation with both carriers and consumer organisations. Furthermore, a requirement was introduced for carriers to publish an annual report about their treatment of complaints. Finally, the date of application of the forthcoming Regulation was postponed from 1 to 2 years after its entry into force in order to allow carriers to adapt to the new requirements. Council position at first reading The Council at first reading substantially modified core elements of the draft Regulation. Several major provisions contained in both the Commission proposal and the EP position at first reading were watered down or entirely deleted, which would result in a considerable reduction of the level of passenger protection. Consequently, the vast majority of the EP's amendments were not taken on board by the Council. The major changes introduced by Council are the following: - Scope : The Council position gives Member States the possibility to exempt urban, suburban and regional regular services, including cross-border services, from the application of the Regulation. The Commission proposal included a possibility to exempt such services, but only if they are covered by public services contracts ensuring a comparable level of passengers' rights, whereas Parliament's position would only allow for urban and suburban services to be exempted. Additionally, Member States may exempt domestic regular services for a period up to 15 years as well as international services of which a significant part is operated outside the Union (for an indefinite period). These would represent significant limitation of the scope of application the Regulation. - Liability : The Commission proposal and EP position at first reading contained a chapter with detailed rules on obligations of carriers with regards to compensation and assistance in the event of an accident. The Council position has