Article 17 Legislation to be repealed 1. The following Directives are hereby repealed with effect from ..... ** Date of entry into force of this Regulation. * – Directive 73/404/EEC; – Directive 73/405/EEC; – Directive 82/242/EEC; – Directive 82/243/EEC and – Directive 86/94/EEC. 2. Recommendation 89/542/EEC is hereby repealed with effect from .... * Date of entry into force of this Regulation. . 3. References made to the repealed Directives shall be construed as being references to this Regulation. 4. On the day of entry into force of this Regulation, Member States shall repeal their laws, regulations and administrative provisions adopted pursuant to the Directives provided for in paragraph 1 or to the Recommendation referred to in paragraph 2. Article 18 Sanctions 1. No later than .......... * , Member States shall establish: – appropriate legal or administrative measures in order to deal with any infringment of this Regulation and; – dissuasive, effective and proportionate sanctions for any such infringment. This shall include measures allowing them to detain consignments of detergents that fail to comply with this Regulation. 2. They shall immediately inform the Commission thereof. Article 19 Entry into force This Regulation shall enter into force * 18 months after its date of publication in the Official Journal of the European Union. This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States. Done at For the European Parliament For the Council The President The President ANNEX I Standards of accreditation, good laboratory practice and animal protection concerning the laboratories that are competent and authorised to provide the necessary service for checking compliance of detergents with the requirements of this Regulation and its Annexes 1. Standards applicable at the level of the laboratories: EN ISO/IEC 17025, General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories; Directive 2004/10/EC; Council Directive 86/609/EEC. 2. Standards applicable at the level of the accreditation bodies and good laboratory practice monitoring authorities: EN 45003, Calibration and testing laboratory accreditation system, general requirements for operation and recognition; Directive 2004/9/EC. ANNEX II Primary biodegradability test methods for surfactants in detergents Primary biodegradability is measured by the determination in biodegraded liquors of the remaining level of parent surfactants. This Annex begins with a list of the test-methods common to all classes of surfactants, and then lists under headings A to D the analytical test procedures specific to each class of surfactant. The pass