Joint answer given by Ms Malmström on behalf of the Commission Written questions : E-004591/11 , E-004779/11 (12 July 2011) The objectives of Directive 2001/55/EC Council Directive 2001/55/EC of 20 July 2001 on minimum standards for giving temporary protection in the event of a mass influx of displaced persons and on measures promoting a balance of efforts between Member States in receiving such persons and bearing the consequences thereof, OJ L 212, 7.8.2001. and of a possible future Commission proposal for a monitoring and evaluation mechanism in the context of Schengen are not the same. As far as the possible Commission proposal is concerned, its objective would be to strengthen current Schengen rules by allowing the Union to make a Community-based response when parts of the EU external border are under unexpected and heavy pressure, while fully respecting the right to free movement, as enshrined in the Treaties. In this context and as a very last resort, there could be the possibility of reintroducing internal border controls for a limited period and in a truly critical situation in cases where a Member State fails to, or no longer can fulfil its obligation under the Schengen rules. The Commission is of the opinion that any such decision should be well-coordinated and taken at the European level. In this way trust among Member States would be increased while at the same time reducing recourse to unilateral initiatives by Member States to temporarily reintroduce border controls at internal borders or intensify police checks in internal border zones. The objectives of Directive 2001/55/EC are, in the event of a mass influx of displaced persons, to offer an adequate level of protection to such persons and to promote a balance of efforts between Member States in receiving them and bearing the consequences thereof. The Temporary Protection Directive can be triggered only in the event of a mass influx of displaced persons who are unable to return to their country of origin, and not to deal with the large-scale arrivals of immigrants most of whom have no protection needs. The Commission currently considers that the conditions for the triggering of the mechanism foreseen under Directive 2001/55/EC are not met. The large majority of persons who have so far reached the EU from the Southern Mediterranean countries are not displaced persons unable to return to their country of origin but economic migrants of Tunisian nationality. Moreover, temporary