your draftswoman believes it is essential that the Commission services have available adequate resources to discharge the tasks entrusted to them in this area. She accordingly suggests by way of compromise an increase of at least 10% in the appropriations for 2006. 2. Coordination and surveillance of economic and monetary union (budget heading 01 02 02) Your draftswoman welcomes the increase (7%) under this budget heading which was proposed by the Commission and accepted by the Council. It is essential that political decision-makers and public opinion have available high-quality analyses in order to be able to monitor effectively developments in the European economy. This is all the more important after the accession of ten new Member States in 2004 with the need for economic analyses for a European Union of 25 and no longer just 15. 3. Prince - communication on economic and monetary union, including the euro (budget heading 01 02 04) Your draftswoman cannot accept the drastic reduction (20%) made by the Council to this budget heading and wonders about the real reasons for this cut. She therefore suggests an amendment which would seek to reinstate the payment and commitment appropriations for 2006 at the level initially foreseen by the Commission (25% compared with 2005). This increase is necessary because the Prince programme and its information campaigns about EMU and the euro are a vital instrument for the euro zone. New campaigns are necessary in the new Member States, some of which are at an advanced stage of preparation with a view to their entry into the euro zone. Parliament recently supported this policy in the Maaten report on the communication strategy for the euro. 4. Programme for enterprises: improvement of the financial environment for SMEs (budget heading 01 04 05) Your draftswoman categorically refuses the drastic reduction (29%) in commitment appropriations for 2006 when compared with 2005 in view of the fact that aid for SMEs, including microenterprises, reflects a genuine political will on the part of the European Parliament expressed on several occasions in recent budgetary procedures. Your draftswoman will therefore be proposing an amendment seeking to set the commitment appropriations at the same level as in 2005, while signifying her agreement to the level of payment appropriations proposed by the Commission. It is essential to encourage all efforts to facilitate access by SMEs in difficulties to reasonable financing. These measures should also promote ethical financing