the technical file referred to in Articles 5 and 9. The file shall contain at least the information described under points 1, 2 and 3 below. However, to minimise testing, and especially to avoid unnecessary animal testing, the additional studies listed under point 4.2.2 should be requested only where such information is necessary and proportionate. In case of dispute concerning the extent of additional information required, a Decision may be taken in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12(2). As noted in Article 13, the guidelines included in this Annex for the Decisions on derogation may be adapted as appropriate on the basis of the accumulated experience. 1. Identity of the surfactant (in accordance with the provisions laid down by Annex VII.A of Directive 67/548/EEC). 1.1. Name 1.1.1. Names in the IUPAC nomenclature 1.1.2. Other names 1.1.3. CAS number and CAS name (if available) 1.1.4. Einecs European Inventory of Existing Commercial Substances. or Elincs European List of Notified Chemical Substances. numbers (if available) 1.2. Molecular and structural formula 1.3. Composition of the surfactant 2. Information on the surfactant 2.1. Quantities of the surfactant used in detergents 2.2. The information on use patterns given in this section shall be sufficient to allow an approximate but realistic estimate of function and environmental exposure to the surfactant as associated with its use in detergents. It shall include the following: – importance of the application (societal value), – use conditions (release scenario), – use volume, – availability and suitability of alternatives (performance and economic considerations), – assessment of relevant environmental information. 3. Information on the potential recalcitrant metabolites Toxicity information on test liquors shall be provided. If no data are available on residue identity, the information referred to in point 4.2.1 may be requested, depending on the potential risk, the importance and the quantity of the surfactant used in detergents. In conflicting cases concerning this information, a Decision may be taken in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12(2). 4. Additional studies 4.1. Biodegradability tests 4.1.1. Pre-adapted inoculum Any of the tests described in Annex III, may be run with pre adapted inoculum in order to provide evidence of the relevance of pre-adaptation for the surfactant. 4.1.2. Inherent Biodegradability Tests At least one of the tests referred to below shall be included: – method of the Directive 67/548/EEC, Annex V.C.12 (Modified SCAS test), – method of the Directive 67/548/EEC, Annex