drawn up at international level in order to ensure international recognition of the measures adopted. HAVE ADOPTED THIS REGULATION: Article 1 Aim This Regulation has for its objective the adoption and use of international accounting standards in the Community with a view to harmonising the financial information presented by the companies referred to in Article 4 in order to ensure a high degree of transparency and comparability of financial statements and hence the efficient functioning of the EU capital market and of the Internal Market. Article 2 Definitions For the purpose of this Regulation, "international accounting standards" shall mean International Accounting Standards (IAS), International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and related Interpretations (SIC interpretations), subsequent amendments to those standards and related interpretations, future standards and related interpretations issued or adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) . Article 3 Adoption and use of international accounting standards 1. In accordance with the regulatory procedure laid down in Article 6 (2), the Commission shall decide on the applicability within the Community of international accounting standards. 2. The international accounting standards can only be adopted if: a) they are not contrary to the principle set out in Article 16(3) of Directive 83/349/EEC and in Article 2(3) of Directive 78/660/EEC and are conducive to the European public good, and b) they meet the criteria of understandability, relevance, reliability and comparability required of the financial information needed for making economic decisions and assessing the stewardship of management. 3. At the latest by 31 December 2002, the Commission shall, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 6, decide on the applicability within the Community of the international accounting standards in existence upon entry into force of this Regulation. 4. Adopted international accounting standards shall be published in full in each of the official languages of the Community , as a Commission regulation, in the Official Journal of the European Communities. Article 4 Consolidated accounts of publicly traded companies For each financial year starting on or after 1 January 2005, companies governed by the law of a Member State shall prepare their consolidated accounts in conformity with the international accounting standards adopted in accordance with the regulatory procedure laid down in Article 6(2) if, at their balance sheet date, their securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market of any Member State within the meaning of Article 1(13) of Council Directive 93/22/EEC of 10