WRITTEN QUESTION E-4787/08 by Ingeborg Gräßle (PPE‑DE) to the Commission (9 September 2008) Subject: Recovery and losses to the Community budget as a result of inability to recover payments 1. Does the Commission have, in its accounting system, information about why it has not been possible to recover EU funds? For example, does the Commission keep a record in its system of whether the absence of returns can be ascribed to the insolvency, liquidation or bankruptcy of funding recipients or coordinators of Community funding? What data does the Commission have on this in the case of direct payments, and what data concerning recovery is it informed about by Member States in cases of shared management? 2. With regard to direct payments made by the Commission: — What was the amount of returns made to the Community budget through recovery? In how many cases has it been necessary, in each year since 2001, to issue waivers of recovery as a result of recovery not being possible, and what are the sums involved? What was the proportion of returns achieved through recovery as compared with the original recovery orders in each of these years (recovery rate)? To what does the Commission ascribe these discrepancies? — How much time elapses between the insolvency, liquidation or bankruptcy of a funding recipient and this coming to the notice of the Commission? How much time elapses between this coming to the notice of the Commission and the (a) waiver of recovery and (b) cancellation of recovery orders? How much time elapses between a recovery order being issued and a subsequent waiver of recovery or cancellation? Please provide information on the average length of time and the number of cases for which this time was longer than one year. — How many instances of waivers of recovery and cancellations of recovery orders have there been for each individual year since 2001? In how many cases has no recovery order been issued, even though there have been irregularities with a financial impact?