to the value of the work done by them, F. deploring the fact that some outrageous statements were made and that there were some highly regrettably outbursts; whereas, however, this cannot be deemed to detract from the importance of the demands made by the NGOs, 1. Welcomes the success of the World Conference against Racism, which adopted a final declaration and a programme of action by consensus; 2. Considers that the European Union delegation played a positive role and contributed to the conference's success; 3. Considers that the final declaration and the programme of action do not by any means solve all the problems, but that they do however send out a strong message to the world as a whole and constitute a step towards eliminating all forms of racism and xenophobia; 4. Regrets that the final declaration is not binding and that any country wishing to do so may express reservations before it is forwarded to the General Assembly of the United Nations; 5. Welcomes the fact that slavery and the slave trade were recognised to be a crime against humanity; considers this recommendation to be an historic victory and calls on all the Member States to recognise slavery as a crime against humanity in their national laws at the earliest opportunity; 6. Regrets however that the principle of reparations was not adopted, but takes note of the desire to introduce programmes for the development of these societies and the diaspora within the framework of a new partnership based on a spirit of solidarity and mutual respect; 7. Considers that the cancellation of developing countries' debts and observance of the principle of 0.7% of GNP for development aid could be the first steps in this 'new partnership', and calls therefore on the Member States to work actively towards this; 8. Welcomes the fact that the final declaration recognised the inalienable right of the Palestinian people to self-determination and the establishment of an independent state, as well as the right to security of all States in the region, including Israel; 9. Expects the European Union to play a more active role in the Middle East aimed at halting the spiral of violence and securing a resumption of the peace negotiations with a view to full implementation of the United Nations resolutions; 10. Expects the signatory States to honour their commitment to help improve the situation of indigenous peoples, particularly on