. . – 2 May, the Working Document accompanying the PDB 2006 on pilot projects and preparatory actions PDB 2006 Working Document Part III- Other Working Documents, Working Document on the application of the Interinstitutional Agreement regarding legal basis. , acting accordingly with point 37 of the Interinstitutional agreement and article 49.2 of the Financial Regulation. . According to the Financial Regulation this report consist on " P's and PA's assessment of the results and the follow-up for each action". In its March First Interim report the Commission has advanced that a new updated report will be sent at the end of September and will be submitted to Parliament at a meeting to be organised for this purpose. The General Rapporteur for Budget 2005 welcomes the Commission improvement on the implementation of EP pilot projects and preparatory actions proposed. In particular, the Pilot project in favour of the victims of terrorist attacks. In this regard, welcomes the step forward proposed by the Commission to convert this pilot project into a preparatory action. The General Rapporteur regrets, nevertheless, the lack of information from the Commission about the state of play of some other pilot projects. See annexed tables on Implementation for detailed information. CONCLUSIONS The rapporteurs note that the current DB proposed by the Council must be evaluated carefully in light of Parliament's expectations. The cuts reductions in payments, in particular, are worrying. The information set out in the Commission working documents accompanying the PDB is quite detailed. Your rapporteurs reiterate that this information should be exploited more effectively by the specialised/competent committees in connection with the monitoring of the implementation of the budget, particularly as regards the qualitative aspects of projects. Given the limited life of the pilot projects and preparatory actions, the link between implementation and allocation should be strengthened in view to maintain political coherence and to optimise the rationalisation of budgetary resources The rapporteurs stress that, according to article 274 of the Treaty, the Commission has the responsibility to organise its human and structural resources in view to implement the budget and not the contrary (the budget to be adjusted to the Commission management facilities). The Commission, on the basis of the implementation plan, should take the initiative to raise possible implementation problems which might jeopardise the spending targets. Summary table on Pilot projects ABB Nomenclature DG responsible 2004 2005 2006 Heading Budget 2005 Prel. Draft 2006