collected quantities be reported to them. In this context it is necessary to make it clear that reports must be submitted on all quantities and, for example, that quantities which are directly transported to treatment facilities must also be accounted for. Amendment 38 Council position Article 7 – paragraph 3 Council position Amendment 3. The Czech Republic, Latvia, Lithuania, Hungary, Malta, Poland, Romania and Slovakia may, because of their lack of the necessary infrastructure and their low level of EEE consumption, decide to: deleted a) achieve, no later than …*, a collection rate that is lower than 45 % but higher than 40 % of the average weight of EEE placed on the market in the three preceding years, and b) postpone the achievement of the collection rate referred to in paragraph 1 until a date of their own choice which shall not be later than …**. _______ *OJ: P lease insert the date - 4 years after the year of entry into force of this Directive. **OJ: P lease insert the date - 10 years after the year of entry into force of this Directive. Justification Parliament’s calculation method, which takes the waste arising as the key criterion, obviates the need to permit national derogations. The reason for this is that the quantity of waste actually arising in the Member State is the determining factor and the product life cycles, which may differ from one Member State to another, have already been taken into account in this connection. Amendment 39 Council position Article 7 – paragraph 4 Council position Amendment 4. The Commission may, by means of implementing acts, lay down further transitional arrangements in order to address difficulties faced by a Member State in satisfying the requirements referred to in paragraph 1 as a result of specific national circumstances. Those implementing acts shall be adopted in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 21(2). 4. The Commission shall be em power ed to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 20 lay ing down transitional arrangements for the period ending on 31 December 2015 in order to address difficulties faced by Member States in adhering to the rates laid down in paragraph 1 as a result of specific national circumstances. Justification For the transitional period until the new basis of measurement, ‘WEEE arising’, becomes applicable, derogations from the collection rate must be permitted. This is, exceptionally,