be used to consider ways of overcoming the political and institutional situation which has resulted from the referendum results in France and the Netherlands. 2.14 But in the Committee's opinion the reflection period should above all be exploited to help establish the foundations of a popular shared vision about the future of Europe and of a new social contract between Europe and its citizens, of a new consensus which would also establish the framework within which the policies necessary to guarantee growth, employment and prosperity can be placed. In this context, Member State governments should "take home the EU". 2.15 It is vital to demonstrate that "participatory democracy" and "civil dialogue" are not empty slogans but, rather, essential principles on which the success of the European Union's policies and therefore of its future depend. 2.16 It is therefore indispensable to involve civil society as broadly as possible, at national, regional and local level, in all future debates and discussions, to encourage the Union's citizens to express their concrete expectations and, in order to do this, to put in place a genuine strategy of listening and of dialogue about the Union's policies and about the vision they have of their shared future. 2.17 In this context the Committee will closely examine the European Commission's "Plan D", all the more so because it is convinced that, to date, no real debate has taken place and that the method, timetable and resources planned for stimulating the debate – not only in all the accession countries but also at intra-Community level – will be crucial. The EESC welcomes the views repeatedly expressed by European Commission Vice-President Margot Wallström that communication is a two-way process and that "Europe" must listen more. In the Committee's understanding, "listening" does not necessarily mean "following", but it does mean "involving" and it should mean “understanding”. 3. "Communicating Europe " 3.1 More generally, the Committee has welcomed the emerging understanding that the European Union should equip itself with a genuine communication strategy and that it should overhaul and enhance its communication tools. The Committee welcomed the European Parliament's 26 April 2005 report on the implementation of the European Union's information and communication strategy, and welcomed the European Commission's 20 July 2005 adoption of an action plan to improve communicating Europe by the European Commission. 3.2 The Committee has itself adopted and regularly revised a strategic communication plan. In addition, in