Answer given by Mr Füle on behalf of the Commission (16 September 2010) According to the Commission's information, Mr Hamid Omar is a common law prisoner, and is not known for specific political opinions or activism. He has thus not been put in prison because of his open support for the self-determination of the Saharawi people or for being a human right activist. Nevertheless, the Commission would like to reassure the Honourable Member that it follows very closely the situation of Saharawi political prisoners held in Moroccan prisons, through the EU Delegation in Rabat. With regard to ‘advanced status’, even if the Commission is aware of the need for further improvements, it also believes that EU‑Morocco relations have made significant progress in recent years, and have contributed to a trend towards democratic reform in Morocco. In this context, the Commission believes that further consolidation of this partnership within the framework of the ‘advanced status’ will open the way for a stronger respect for human rights. Indeed, the ‘advanced status’ gives us leverage in order to be more demanding concerning human rights. The Commission would like to reiterate that compliance with human rights principles is a central element of EU‑Morocco relations, including in the framework of the ‘advanced status’, and is permanently among the subjects discussed in political dialogue with Morocco. Sub-committees on human rights are organised regularly in order to follow up on the commitments made by Morocco, notably in the context of the Association Agreement and the European Neigbourhood Policy Action Plan. The issue of detention conditions is regularly raised in these sub-committees. Furthermore, the EU finances the protection of human rights defenders in the Mediterranean region through a grant to the Euro-Mediterranean Foundation of Support to Human Rights Defenders. The Commission also closely follows developments on the issue of Western Sahara and, in particular, the negotiations undertaken under the auspices of the Secretary General of the United Nations in order to find an acceptable political solution to the conflict. The Commission supports the efforts of the Secretary General to mediate between the parties in compliance with Security Council Resolution 1920(2010), and furthermore, is determined to provide support to the population of this territory through its humanitarian aid and the political dialogue established by the EU with Morocco.