those recommended by the scientific advisory bodies, J. whereas the application of the precautionary principle in setting TACs is a necessary measure to ensure the continuity of species and the rational exploitation of resources in the long term, 1. Notes the substance of the Commission communication on application of the precautionary principle and multiannual arrangements for setting TACs and shares its objectives; 2. Calls for the Commission to give a clear definition of multiannuality; 3. Considers that the system of TACs and quotas should be the cornerstone of the future common fisheries policy; 4. Trusts that measures to conserve resources will be a priority topic in the imminent reform of the common fisheries policy, and that decisions will be taken that are realistic when measured against the state of stocks, effective and consistent; 5. In that context, points out that the most important aspect of a rigorous precautionary approach to fisheries involves the choice of target and limit reference points which are sufficiently conservation oriented; 6. Calls on the Commission and Council, when setting TACs, to use available scientific data, duly verified, as a determining criterion and to take information from fishermen into consideration; 7. Urges the Council to take decisions on setting catches in line with the actual situation as regards stocks, avoiding the adoption of measures based more on socio-economic circumstances than on a rigorous analysis of the state of stocks, and avoiding arbitrary measures which are impossible to comply with; 8. Urges the Commission to carry out thorough research into fisheries resources so that better use can be made of data relating to stocks; 9. Stresses that setting multiannual and multi-species TACs, a measure which favours the conservation of resources, will not in itself be very effective unless coherent decisions are taken designed to improve the operation of other important aspects of the common fisheries policy such as restructuring the Community fleet, fisheries monitoring, reducing discards and improving the technical measures used; regrets in particular in this regard that the Commission has failed to take the opportunity, in devising a scheme for the allocation of resources, to put forward a comprehensive and workable plan to solve the problem of discards; 10. Urges the Commission and the Council to study the effect which industrial fishing for the purposes of fishmeal production (which these days absorbs one-third of the fish caught in Community waters) has on fisheries resources and,