institutions that are mainly addressed to the European public should be accessible to as many EU citizens as possible. Where the number of languages used is limited, this choice should be based on the demographic weight of these languages. In his investigating of the complaint the Ombudsman pointed out, among other things, that it is essential that documents directed to persons outside the Community institutions should be available in as many languages as possible. and that one of the most important means of providing information to the public in modern times is the internet. Given that the Presidency is part of the Council, the same standards should in principle apply to any public websites maintained by the Presidency. These websites provide information about the work of the Presidency, in the capacity assigned to it by Community law and the information they contain is of interest to the public and should therefore be made available as widely and as well as possible. Furthermore, if the number of languages for the presentation of the Presidency's websites is to be limited, the choice of the languages to be used should be based on objective and reasonable considerations. The Ombudsman's conclusion was that the Council's failure to consider the substance of the complainant's request that the websites of the Presidency should also be offered in German, constitutes maladministration. Your rapporteur endorses this conclusion as well as the other conclusions the Ombudsman draws in his special report. He considers furthermore that transparency and informing the public are objectives which should be given the highest priority by the EU and its institutions. Access to information for as many citizens as possible is an important prerequisite for, and a basic element of, the general principle of democratic legitimacy. Your rapporteur also endorses the recommendation of the Ombudsman to the Council to examine the complainant's request that the websites of the Council presidencies also be available in German. Furthermore, he recommends that future Council presidencies should make their websites available in as many languages as possible and that, in the event of a restriction on the number of languages, they should use the most widely spoken official languages according to an objective order of priority. RESULT OF FINAL VOTE IN COMMITTEE Date adopted 6.10.2008 Result of final vote +: –: 0: 15 Members present for the final vote Sir Robert Atkins, Inés Ayala Sender, Victor Boştinaru, Simon Busuttil,