identify. Furthermore, and despite the fact that the EC is the largest TRA provider, the EC is constrained by heavy procedures whereas TRA requires sometimes quick reaction. The current budget is also ill-equipped for the financing of global programmes and initiatives on trade-related assistance, integration and adjustment carried out by multilateral organisations. So far, the EC has had difficulty in mobilising funding for, i.e, the Integrated Framework or the Doha Trust Fund, given that the development co-operation budget is broken down into strict geographical allocations. Last year an independent evaluation of EC's TRA concluded that: "The Commission should develop instruments for TRA interventions that can be rapidly mobilised and adapted to changing situations." In short, the new budget line would be crucial in: 1) Bringing more transparency, and thereby more democratic control, to the budget in a crucial area for the external activities of the EC and INTA Committee; 2) Providing aid for trade with more visibility; 3) Facilitating due flexibility in mobilising funds quickly and through multilateral initiatives as appropriate; Such new budget line would also send the right message to developing countries about the seriousness of the EC's purpose in promoting a trade liberalization that works for development. This is particularly relevant in the current context of DDA negotiations. Why now? The Doha Round faces a critical juncture. TRA is more important than ever. The EC needs to make clear that it is planning to do more than simple promotion of liberalization. Furthermore, we witness increasing international momentum and support for more and better "aid for trade". The following are just a few of the recent developments in this direction: 1) The UN Millennium Report has argued for significantly stepped-up funding for trade-related aid. 2) The President of the European Commission has pledged 300 more millions which add up to a total 1 billion Euro per year to support the trading capacity of developing countries . 3) EU Commissioner for Trade, Peter Mandelson, has included a "more effective aid for trade" among his four principles of progressive liberalization. 4) The Commission should propose a single thematic programme for trade integration and adjustment, in support of the multilateral trading system within the framework of the ongoing reform of the financial instruments of external assistance. It is important to underline that this line does not aim at changing current programming and implementation practices. In order to maintain the support of