addition make advance payments to cover immediate economic needs on a basis proportional to the damage suffered, provided that there is prima facie evidence of causality attributable to the carrier. Any payments made , or assistance provided shall not constitute recognition of liability. Justification The original proposal as well as the EP's position at first reading foresees non-returnable advance payments in the event of personal injury and death to meet immediate economic needs of the victims. Furthermore the necessary practical assistance should be specified by adding the wording from the relevant r ecital. Amendment 25 Council position – amending act Article 8 a (new) Council position Amendment Article 8a Liability for lost and damaged luggage 1. Carriers shall be liable for the loss of or damage to luggage placed under their responsibility. The maximum compensation shall amount to EUR 1 800 per passenger. 2. In the event of accidents arising out of the operation of bus and coach transport services, carriers shall be liable for loss of or damage to the personal effects which passengers had on them or with them as hand luggage. The maximum compensation shall amount to EUR 1 300 per passenger. A carrier shall not be held liable for loss or damage pursuant to paragraphs 1 and 2: (a) if the loss or damage has been caused by circumstances not connected with the operation of bus and coach transport services and which the carrier could not have avoided, in spite of having taken the care required in the particular circumstances of the case, and the consequences of which it was unable to prevent; (b) to the extent that the loss or damage is the fault of the passenger or caused by his negligence. Justification Council deleted this Article and included provisions on compensation for lost and damaged luggage in Article 7. These provide a lower level of protection for passengers. Therefore the amendment restores the EP position at first reading. Amendment 26 Council position – amending act Article 10 - paragraph 2 Council position Amendment (2) In the event of a refusal to accept a reservation or to issue or otherwise provide a ticket on the grounds referred to in paragraph 1, carriers, travel agents and tour operators shall make reasonable efforts to inform the person concerned about an acceptable alternative service operated by the carrier. (2) In the event of a refusal to accept a