Answer given by Mr Michel on behalf of the Commission (20 December 2004) The Commission is indeed aware of the difficult situation faced by the population of Lesotho, in which weather, poverty and human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS), in combination with a lack of Government policy decisions, have led to predicted food shortages. According to the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Human Development Report 2004, seventeen countries in the world suffered a decline in their Human Development Index between 1995 and 2002. Eight of them were in Southern Africa, one of these being Lesotho. On 21 October 2004, the United Nations World Food Programme launched an appeal for 404 million US Dollars (USD) for a three-year operation in five Southern African countries, including Lesotho. The two previous appeals for this region were Emergency Operations (EMOPs), but the recent one is a Protracted Relief and Recovery Operation (PRRO). This underlines the fact that the region is now regarded as undergoing a protracted crisis, with chronic and structural needs. Lesotho has structural problems which, compounded by the absence of appropriate Government policies, have consequently worsened the effects of three years of insufficient rainfall. The Food Security programme of EuropeAid Co-operation Office is currently working on programming the support to WFP’s regional Protracted Relief and Recovery Operation (PRRO) for Southern Africa. Poor management of agro-forestry, leading to desertification and extreme soil erosion, and the lack of the adoption of a long term water strategy and waste water policy are factors aggravating the effects of the drought. The Commission is currently carrying out the mid-term review of the 9th European Development Fund (EDF). The Mid-Term Review foresees reallocating funds for the improvement of drinking water supply to the Lesotho low-lands and to improve the treatment of waste water which could be partially recycled. Other important factors contributing to the overall reduction in crop production are related to the current economic crisis and the shortage of labour, closely linked to economic migration and the AIDS pandemic. In the context of the mid-term review of the 9th EDF, it is proposed to change the country strategy for Lesotho and to foresee a new focal sector on measures to fight against HIV/AIDS with a financial allocation of € 8 million. Details of this project are being worked out. In addition, the Global Fund has approved a global project of USD 29,312,000 for Lesotho. This project was