provided that the aid compared to the total financing of the project: 1. Aid granted to an infrastructure manager for the maintenance , realisation or provision of inland transport infrastructure, shall be compatible with the Treaty provided that the aid compared to the total financing of the project: Amendment 23 Article 3, paragraph 1, point (b) (b) does not give rise to a distortion of competition to an extent contrary to the common interest. (b) does not give rise to a distortion of competition to an extent, which must be defined by the Commission, contrary to the common interest. Amendment 24 Article 3, paragraph 2 2. Assessment under this Article shall take into account the requirements of any Community legislation on infrastructure charging that may be in force at the time of the grant of the aid concerned. 2. Assessment under this Article shall take into account the requirements of any Community legislation on infrastructure charging that may be in force at the time of the grant of the aid concerned. In any case, all legislative requirements on infrastructure-charging schemes based on the cost incurred as a direct result of operating the transport service may give rise to aid compatible with the Treaty, if the aim of the aid is to compensate an infrastructure manager for the relevant unpaid infrastructure costs. Amendment 44 Article 4, paragraph 1, point a (a) the scheme has a maximum duration of three years, (a) the scheme has a maximum duration of five years, Amendment 48 Article 4, paragraph 1, point (b) (b) it is demonstrated on the basis of a comparative cost analysis that such aid is limited to compensation for specific unpaid external and infrastructure costs for the use of competing transport infrastructure, net of any such unpaid costs for the use of the infrastructure in question, (b) it is demonstrated that such aid facilitates the transfer of large quantities of goods to modes of transport with a lower level of external costs. Schemes for granting aid to transport undertakings, for a limited period, shall be operated by means of a contractual agreement with the transport undertakings or transport industry associations, and shall set objectives for increased traffic flows and comply with the conditions on transparency and non-discrimination set out in points (c) and (d). Schemes shall apply until the entry into force of Community legislation on the definition or estimation of any