plan. He/she shall establish regular evaluation procedures that meet recognised professional standards; Amendment 71 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 5 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 16 – paragraph 1 1. The Executive Director shall be appointed and dismissed by the Administrative Board. The appointment shall be made from a list of candidates proposed by the Commission for a period of five years on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well as competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. Before appointment, the candidate selected by the Administrative Board may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. 1. The Executive Director shall be appointed and dismissed by the Administrative Board. The appointment shall be made from a list of candidates proposed by the Commission for a period of five years on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well as competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution and response to marine pollution. Before appointment, the candidate selected by the Administrative Board may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. Its opinion, if any, shall be considered before formal appointment. The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. Amendment 72 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 5 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 16 – paragraph 2 2. The Administrative Board, acting on a proposal from the Commission, taking into account the evaluation report may extend the term of office of the Executive Director for not more than three years . The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. The Administrative Board shall inform the European Parliament about its intention to extend the Executive Director's term of office. Within a month before the extension of his/her term of office, the Executive Director may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer