the United Nations Security Council resolutions on Women, Peace and Security (UNSCR 1325) and on Sexual Violence against Civilians in Conflict (UNSCR 1820), - having regard to the "Outline for the Joint EU-Africa Strategy" as endorsed by the 8th EU-Africa Ministerial Troika Meeting of 15 May 2007 in Brussels, - having regard to Articles 177 to 181 of the EC Treaty, – having regard to Rule 45 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the report of the Committee on Development and the opinions of the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality and the Committee on Foreign Affairs ( A6-0445/2008 ), A. whereas half of all countries that emerge from conflicts return to conflict within five years and 340 million of the world's extreme poor are estimated to live in states in a situation of fragility, with the absence of hostilities not automatically leading to entrenched and lasting stability and sustainable development, B. whereas the MDGs set out coherent and time-bound targets for long-term poverty eradication; whereas by 2010, half of the world's poorest people could be living in states that are experiencing, or at risk of, violent conflict Department for International Development calculations based on World Bank estimates in Global Economic Prospects 2006: Economic implications of Remittances and Migration, World Bank, Washington 14.11.2005. , C. whereas the building of stable and enduring states requires the creation of a merit-based and accountable civil service free from political interference and corruption, D. whereas a transparent, accountable and professional security sector is fundamental to creating the conditions to foster peace and development, E. whereas Security Sector Reform (SSR) should focus on providing an effective and legitimate public service that is transparent, accountable to civil authority, and responsive to the needs of the public, F. whereas the proliferation of small arms and light weapons fuel conflict and crime; whereas in 2006 civilians accounted for three-quarters of recorded casualties due to landmines Landmine Monitor Report 2007: Toward a Mine-Free World. , G. whereas violent conflicts, beyond having a tragic impact on development and human rights, also deter foreign investors, substantially reducing growth, deterring investment in the economy and basic services (according to a recent report Safer World, Oxfam, IANSA report October 2007- Africa's Missing Billions. armed conflict has been shown to shrink an African nation's economy by 15 %); whilst a healthy private sector can eventually provide the basis for sustainable