subject. 2. The committee responsible for the subject-matter may at any time request the opinion of the committee responsible for the interpretation and application of Union law. 3. The committee responsible for the interpretation and application of Union law may also, on its own initiative, take up questions concerning the delegation of legislative powers. In such cases it shall duly inform the committee responsible for the subject-matter. Rule 38 Verification of financial compatibility 1. Where a proposal for a legislative act has financial implications, Parliament shall establish whether sufficient financial resources are provided. 2. Without prejudice to Rule 43, the committee responsible for the subject-matter shall verify the financial compatibility of any proposal for a legislative act, or any other document of a legislative nature, with the multiannual financial framework. 3. When the committee responsible for the subject-matter amends the financial endowment of the act it is considering, it shall request the opinion of the committee responsible for budgetary issues. 4. The committee responsible for budgetary issues may also on its own initiative take up questions concerning the financial compatibility of proposals for legislative acts. In such cases it shall duly inform the committee responsible for the subject-matter. 5. If the committee responsible for budgetary issues decides to dispute the financial compatibility of the proposal, it shall report its conclusions to Parliament which shall put them to the vote. 6. An act declared incompatible may be adopted by Parliament subject to the decisions of the Budgetary Authority. Rule 38a Examination of respect for the principle of subsidiarity 1. During the examination of a proposal for a legislative act, Parliament shall pay particular attention to respect for the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality. 2. The committee responsible for respect of the principle of subsidiarity may decide to make recommendations for the attention of the committee responsible for the subject-matter in respect of any proposal for a legislative act. 3. If a national parliament sends the President a reasoned opinion in accordance with Article 3 of the Protocol on the role of national parliaments in the European Union and Article 6 of the Protocol on the application of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality, that document shall be referred to the committee responsible for the subject-matter and forwarded for information to the committee responsible for respect of the principle of subsidiarity. 4. Except in the cases of urgency referred to in Article