March 2007 from Commissioners Ferrero-Waldner and Michel to the Committee on Development, to be considered as a "consolidated response to both […] the letter and the resolution" Letter A (2007) 5238 of 26 March 2007 from Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner to the Chair of the Committee on Development, Josep Borrell Fontelles (registered as comitology document no. CMT-2007-1709-3). , F. whereas the Commissioners state that the MDGs cannot be achieved by a focus on basic services alone, at the same time reaffirming their commitment to achieving the objective of 20% of assistance under DCI country programmes being allocated by 2009 to basic and secondary education and basic health, G. whereas the Commission further affirms that cooperation in the field of higher education will in itself contribute to forming a national professional cadre capable of managing and generating the necessary policies for poverty eradication and sustainable development, H. whereas the Commission states that it is considering how to improve the process of consultation with the different stakeholders and points out that in the drawing up of the annual action programmes a gender impact assessment will be made of the measures proposed when relevant, I. whereas mainstreaming of cross-cutting issues – promotion of human rights, gender equality, democracy, good governance, the rights of the child, of disabled people and of indigenous people, environmental sustainability and combating HIV/AIDS – must be undertaken in all programmes, J. whereas Article 25(1)b of the DCI states that the financing may take the form of budget support "if the partner country's management of public spending is sufficiently transparent", and that the Commission shall "support efforts of partner countries to develop parliamentary control and audit capacities", 1. Appreciates the letter of 26 March 2007 from Commissioners Ferrero-Waldner and Michel to the Committee on Development but regrets that it does not give a concrete response to the specific questions raised in Parliament's own letter and that so far no response has been received to the specific questions contained in Parliament's conclusions on individual strategy papers; 2. Urges the Commission to pursue poverty eradication and the achievement of the MDGs, in particular by a strong focus on basic health and basic education; stresses that, for countries where these are not included as focal sectors, the Commission must provide detailed information on other donors" activities, showing how the partner country is on its way to achieving the MDGs by 2015; 3. Regrets that the