Fundamental Rights in the Commission's legislative proposals: methodology for systematic and rigorous monitoring ( 2005/2169(INI) ) - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Johannes Voggenhuber ( A6-0034/2007 ) Johannes Voggenhuber introduced the report. Peter Mandelson (Member of the Commission) spoke. The following spoke: Riccardo Ventre (draftsman of the opinion of the AFCO Committee), Kinga Gál , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Claudio Fava , on behalf of the PSE Group, Sophia in 't Veld , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Sylvia-Yvonne Kaufmann , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Johannes Blokland , on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Daniel Hannan , Ignasi Guardans Cambó , Giusto Catania , Maria da Assunção Esteves and Paul Rübig . The debate closed. Vote: Minutes of 15.03.2007, Item 5.7 . 17 Negotiation of an EU-Central America Association Agreement - Negotiation of an EU-Andean Community Association Agreement (debate) Report with a proposal for a European Parliament recommendation to the Council on the negotiating mandate for an association agreement between the European Union and its Member States, of the one part, and the countries of Central America, of the other part ( 2006/2222(INI) ) - Committee on Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur: Willy Meyer Pleite ( A6-0026/2007 ) Report containing the European Parliament's recommendation to the Council on the negotiating mandate for an association agreement between the European Union and its Member States, of the one part, and the Andean Community and its member countries, of the other part ( 2006/2221(INI) ) - Committee on Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur: Luis Yañez-Barnuevo García ( A6-0025/2007 ) Luis Yañez-Barnuevo García introduced the report. IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO Vice-President Willy Meyer Pleite introduced the report. Peter Mandelson (Member of the Commission) spoke. The following spoke: Miguel Angel Martínez Martínez (draftsman of the opinion of the DEVE Committee), Małgorzata Handzlik (draftsman of the opinion of the INTA Committee), Gianluca Susta (draftsman of the opinion of the INTA Committee), José Ignacio Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Raimon Obiols i Germà , on behalf of the PSE Group, Leopold Józef Rutowicz , on behalf of the UEN Group, Raül Romeva i Rueda , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Jens Holm , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Gerard Batten , on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Marcello Vernola , Józef Pinior , Ryszard Czarnecki , Willy Meyer Pleite and Bogusław Sonik . The debate