incidence of allergies. As a general principle, the relative risks and benefits of using dental amalgam or the various alternatives should be explained to patients to assist them to make informed decisions. In both cases, as with any other medical or pharmaceutical intervention, caution should be exercised when considering the placement of any dental restorative material in pregnant women. For preparing its opinion, SCENIHR took into consideration the academic and scientific literature available during the time of the development of the opinion, as well as the contributions received through the call for information and public consultation published on the website of the Directorate-General for Health and Consumers (DG SANCO). During these two procedures, all interested parties had the opportunity to provide their comments and/or any further relevant information regarding the opinion. In light of the above and after taking account of the SCENIHR’s opinion that, on the basis of the available data and current knowledge, there is no risk of systemic disease linked to the use of dental amalgam, the Commission cannot justify action to ban such use. However, it will be prepared to reconsider its position if any new data are published which provide grounds for a new risk assessment of dental amalgam. The Commission has not received any notification from Luxembourg on a possible new ban on the use of dental amalgam in application of the procedure provided for by Directive 98/34/EC of the Parliament and of the Council Directive 98/34/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 22 June 1998 laying down a procedure for the provision of information in the field of technical standards and regulations. OJ L 204, 21.7.1998. . According to SCENIHR, there is few if any advantages to carrying out further research on aspects of the safety of dental amalgam restorations. The lack of data on the toxicity, exposure and health effects of the alternative materials does imply, however, that more experimental, clinical and epidemiological research is required to guarantee patient safety in the future. Research on dental amalgams and on materials for their replacement has been supported since the 3rd framework programme. Recently, two projects received Commission support under the 6th framework programme.