must ensure that gender equality is taken into account in the implementation of the budget and that any action should be evaluated from the perspective of the difference of its impact as between men and women; * * * 38. Instructs its President to forward this resolution, together with the amendments and proposed modifications to Section III of the draft general budget, to the Council and Commission, and the other institutions and bodies concerned. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT On the Lisbon strategy 1. At the adoption of the 2006 PDB it was said that the EU must invest in a knowledge-based economy to put the European economy back on track. The goals of prosperity and solidarity would underpin the re-launching of the Lisbon Strategy. The adoption of the PDB had also been preceded by the Parliament resolution on the mid-term review of the Lisbon strategy of 9 March 2005, the European Council conclusions on re-launching the Lisbon Strategy of 29 March and the Parliament resolution on the Annual Policy Strategy. All of these contained political guidelines for the Lisbon re-launch. 2. In total, the rapporteur notes that the Commission's PDB figure of EUR 40 billion for the Lisbon Strategy was made up of (all amounts rounded): Heading Title PDB 2006 1b Rural development 7 800 2 Cohesion fund 6 000 2 Structural funds 18 500 3 Internal Polices 8 000 out of which (approximate figures) Research 5 285 TENs 700 Education & Training 650 SMEs 100 Information Society 200 Others 50 TOTAL 40 285 3. The rapporteur would stress the fact that these actions are spread out over the budget and it is in fact not possible to get such a direct overview from the PDB itself. This information was also compiled from the press statements and other additional information given by the Commission. Naturally, these figures were/are highly dependent on subjective choices as to what can and should be included in the Lisbon Agenda and must be treated with caution. 5. Under the internal policies (heading 3), the 6th research framework programme constitutes the main element. The whole of this area is counted as a Lisbon "element" for an amount of some EUR 5.285 billion in the PDB. The figure for payments amount to EUR 5.048 billion. The amount for commitments in the PDB naturally makes up the final amounts to arrive at the global amounts co-decided for the whole period