direct and indirect costs of which are estimated at 180 billion euro, or 2% of EU GDP, B. whereas the target of halving the number of road fatalities in the EU by 2010, remains a priority; aware of and concerned at the failure to make the necessary progress towards reaching that figure, C. whereas insufficient progress is being made to achieve this target across the EU, D. whereas WHO Europe has highlighted the scale of the health problem that road death and injury presents and views as priorities the need to engage the health sector in road safety and reducing speeding, a matter which falls within the Member States' sphere of competence, however, E. whereas the disparity between those Member States with a poor road safety record and those with a better record continues to widen, F. whereas road safety has a horizontal dimension and in order to meet the target of increasing it to the greatest possible extent, it is now necessary to concentrate on, as areas of the greatest priority, a number of policies which aim to achieve more effective implementation of legislation (seat belts, speed limits, observance of the Highway Code), improved driving standards (driving licences, driver behaviour, respect for pedestrians), improved infrastructure (quality of motorways and road networks, traffic lanes, traffic signs), improved vehicles (periodic checks, models) and sharing of best practice, G. whereas improving standards of driving across the EU will be most effectively facilitated in the short term through the enforcement of Member States' traffic laws, particularly as regards speeding and drink-driving offences and the requirement to use seat-belts and child-restraint systems, H. whereas vehicles are now four times safer than in 1970, I. whereas a rising number of motorcyclists are killed as a proportion of total road deaths, J. whereas road-centre barriers significantly reduce the number of road deaths, K. whereas in October the Commission initiated the 4-year Druid project to investigate driving under the influence of drugs, L. whereas, in connection with the introduction of life-saving safety systems, Europe should be no less ambitious than other countries, 1. Calls for a higher level of political commitment in all Member States and EU institutions to road safety across the European Union by all Member States, by regional and local authorities and EU institutions, and by industry, organisations and individuals; 2. Considers that only an integrated systems approach involving all road users and stakeholders,