protection. A free-for-all would mean no protection, with US and Japanese companies able to patent European ideas. Patents are not a sword, they are a shield." He said 62 000 jobs in Ireland were based in small computer innovation businesses, and all these SMEs favoured the common position. The non-attached member Bruno GOLLNISCH (FR) said software patents would be a death sentence for SMEs and independent software developers. The EPO had contradicted the spirit and the letter of the Patents Convention, granting 30 000 patents which were trivial and often ill-founded. Computers used language - and that should not be patented, particular combinations of words could be protected by copyright. The Commission and Council wanted to kill innovation, he said. British and Irish speakers Sharon BOWLES (ALDE, UK) stated that the need for this directive was based on improved territorial cohesion for patents. She welcomed the fact that software claims would be excluded from the directive. Mrs Bowles stated that Member States should ensure that the unauthorised supply or import of a computer program which is an essential element of a product or process validly claimed should constitute an infringement. This would mean that a patented invention remained the method/apparatus but an importer (eg from China) would be in the same legal position as those within the Member State. Mrs Bowles condemned the proposed amendments from Mr Rocard saying they would only protect personal computers. Computer implemented inventions were used in all areas of industry. Mr Rocard's proposed amendments were " simplistic " and, if adopted, would cripple industry. Kathy SINNOTT (IND/DEM, IE) said this was an important issue for her constituents in Ireland and she had received literally bags of correspondence urging her to vote one way or the other. What was at stake was the ownership of ideas. In software, the great ideas of yesterday were the building blocks of the great ideas of tomorrow. She said: "A lone programmer can write an interesting programme and then let others have it for a fee or put it up as open source software. This has driven innovation up to now, but would this continue if each programmer needed a team of patent lawyers?" She called on MEPs to vote for all amendments proposing freedom from patentability. Arlene McCARTHY (PES, UK) said Europe had the opportunity to lead the world with good patent law, but there was disagreement about how