regulated. The Committee considers that it would go against the PPI to recognise different protection to Mr Dupuis and to the other Italian Members of the List where he was elected. In the present case only Article 10 a) can be applied without pushing beyond reasonable terms the text of the Protocol. 5. Article 10 remits to national law and therefore to national immunity arrangements in Italy, which the Committee has had occasion to deal with quite frequently. Article 68, first paragraph, of the Italian Constitution provides for uncensurabiliy ( insindacabilitá ) of Members of Parliament, who may not be called to answer opinions expressed and votes cast in the performance of their duties. This uncensurability takes effect with the proclamation of Members of Parliament. Inviolability ( inviolavilitá ) is established in the second and third paragraphs of Article 68 of the Constitution (in annex). 6 The new Law of 20 June 2003 "Disposizione per l'attuazione dell'articolo 68 della Costituzione nonché materia di processi penali nei confronti delle alte cariche dello stato". provides in its Article 3 further interpretation of Article 68 of the Constitution. This article of the interpreting law does a quite extensive or liberal interpretation of article 68 of the Constitution and, somehow, seems to enlarge the protection given by the Constitution as it has been understand by this Committee. 7. Nevertheless the " funzione di critica e di denuncia politica " mentioned in the law cannot go as far as to justify criminal offences. The Committee has considered that Members of the Italian Parliament do not enjoy Parliamentary immunity in respect of legal proceedings in the circumstances reported in part I of this report. This position is also in line with the decision taken by the Committee on Legal Affairs in the David/Cappato and Borghezio cases. IV. Conclusion On the basis of the above considerations and pursuant to Article 6a(2) of the Rules of Procedure, after consideration the reasons for and against defending the Member's immunity, the Committee on Legal Affairs and Internal Market recommends that the European Parliament should not defend the parliamentary immunity of Mr Olivier Dupuis. ANNEX Article 68 of the Italian Constitution Members of Parliament may not be prosecuted for opinions expressed and votes cast by them in the performance of their duties. Without the autorization of the Chamber to which he belongs no Member of Parliament may be subjected to criminal