Answer given by Mr Almunia on behalf of the Commission (12 October 2004) The Commission closely follows the developments in price convergence in Member States. It is, however, difficult to disentangle the impact of the introduction of the euro on price dispersion because of other integration forces that are in play. In particular, it seems that the establishment of the Internal Market has been successful on the whole in narrowing the quite substantial price differences that existed across countries in the second half of the 1980s. However, the pace of price convergence has slowed down since 1997 and the introduction of the euro does not seem to have contributed to reducing price differences significantly yet. The measure that is being used is the coefficient of variation of comparative price levels of final consumption by private households including indirect taxes. The data for 2003 show a slight decrease in price dispersion within the euro area. It is too early though to attribute this progress to the introduction of the euro notes and coins in 2002 in particular since price dispersion in the EU-15 has declined as well (see graph). Moreover, a recent investigation of price dispersion across 18 European cities in the euro area (based on the Economic Intelligence Unit (EIU) database) does not support the claim that the introduction of the euro has increased product market integration. Engel, Charles and John H. Rogers (2004): European product market integration after the euro, Economic Policy, issue 39, vol. 19, pp. 347-384. Nevertheless, it has to be kept in mind that the effects of the introduction of the euro will take some time to fully set in. Rogers Rogers, John H. (2002): Monetary union, price level convergence, and inflation: How close is Europe to the United States? Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, International Finance Discussion Paper No. 740. also explored the price convergence within the EU/euro area and the United States using the same database, but extending the analysis to price levels in 38 European and US cities. According to his findings, the level of price dispersion of tradables in the euro area was somewhat above that in the US, while that of the EU as a whole remained well above US levels.