a constant source of delay in the forwarding of documents from one court to another, if those courts are not located within the same Member State. Not until a single market without internal frontiers had been set up and brought into operation did the inescapable need to create a European area of justice covering both civil and criminal matters become apparent. The exponential development of links between the citizens of the EU for family or financial reasons or in pursuit of trade has made it increasingly difficult for the Member States' governments to respond adequately to any civil or trade-related disputes which may arise out of such relations. The Amsterdam Treaty represented a crucial step forward in this area, since it featured the 'communitarisation' of judicial cooperation in civil matters, which is now covered by Articles 61 and 65 of the EC Treaty (i.e. it is excluded from the European Union's third pillar, where it had originally been placed pursuant to the Maastricht Treaty). The disappearance of internal frontiers between the Member States has called for cooperation between the Member States' judicial, crime-prevention, police or customs departments which has constantly proved inadequate as a means of combating the international activities of criminal organisations. In the area of criminal law, however, the Member States were unable to overcome national barriers during the negotiations on the Amsterdam Treaty, and police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters was placed under Title VI of the Treaty on European Union (in the 'third pillar'), which goes against the interests and the needs of the people of Europe. II. RECONSULTATION ON THE DRAFT COUNCIL FRAMEWORK DECISION ON THE EXECUTION IN THE EUROPEAN UNION OF ORDERS FREEZING PROPERTY OR EVIDENCE 1. General assessment of the reconsultation in relation to the consultation of 9 February 2001 and Parliament’s position In compliance with Tampere European Council conclusions 33, 36 and 37, the programme of measures referred to in conclusion 37 was adopted at the 30 November and 1 December Council meeting of Justice and Home Affairs Ministers. In particular, measures 6 and 7 of that programme indicated that priority was to be given to adopting a tool enabling the Member States to apply Tampere conclusion 36. With a view to putting those measures into practice, an initiative by the Governments of the French Republic, the Kingdom of Sweden and the Kingdom of Belgium was submitted on the same day