Question for written answer E-008816/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Ramon Tremosa i Balcells (ALDE) (6 October 2011) Subject: Coastal regression of the Isla de Buda The Isla de Buda is a marine-fluvial island of unquestionable environmental value, as it is the best preserved wetland in Catalonia and one of the most important in Spain and, moreover, noted for its bird-life. It was declared part of the Ebro Delta Natural Park by Decree 332/1986. In September 1987 it was classed by the Member States as a particularly important bird conservation area within the meaning of the Birds Directive and as a Special Protection Area (SPA, Directive 79/409/EEC). It has been placed on the Ramsar List of Wetlands of International Importance in accordance with the resolution of 15 March 1993. It is also covered by PEIN, the Special Plan for Conservation of the Natural Environment and the Landscape, under Law 12/1985 on protected natural areas and more recently has been encompassed within the Natura 2000 network. Its initial formation dates back to the early 13th century; and the zenith occurred in the mid‑20th century, when the island’s area was approximately 1 400 hectares. At that time the abundant silt carried away when the river Ebro was in spate used to cancel out the erosive force of the sea; in this way new estuaries were formed, creating lagoons, los Calaixos’, a wetland whose conservation status was recognised to be one of the best in Spain. Later, in the second half of the 20th century, when large dams were built in the Ebro basin to generate hydroelectric power, water supply systems were set up, and large areas of land were irrigated, water flows came to be regulated, and silt remained trapped in the marshes. The result has been severe coastal regression, in which more than 400 hectares of beaches, dunes, and coastal lagoons have been lost in just 60 years. At present sea currents are continuing to erode beaches and the adjacent wetlands, and an area internationally recognised for the richness of its natural resources is thus being irreversibly lost. The coastline is being pushed back at a rate between 30 and 50 metres a year, and unless action is taken to prevent the regression, one of Spain’s principal wetlands will be lost. What measures will the Commission take to prevent regression of the beaches on the Isla de Buda in order to