reference to information to be given to the passengers should also include the indication of possible alternatives which, obviously, do not prejudice the right of passengers to reach their destination at the time and under the conditions set out in their contract. Amendment 30 Article 10, paragraph 3 3. Those passengers, with whom an air carrier or tour operator does not reach an agreement in accordance with paragraph 2 and which present themselves for check-in in accordance with Article 3, paragraph 1, shall be offered the compensation and assistance offered in the case of denied boarding, as specified in Articles 7, 8 and 9. 3. Those passengers, with whom the body with responsibility as laid down in Article 3(3) does not reach an agreement in accordance with paragraph 2 and which present themselves for check-in in accordance with Article 3, paragraph 1, shall be offered the compensation and assistance offered in the case of denied boarding, as specified in Articles 7, 8 and 9. Justification Adjustment necessitated by the changes made by Amendment 7. Amendment 31 Article 11, paragraph 1, subparagraph 1 1. When an air carrier or tour operator reasonably expects a flight to be delayed beyond its scheduled time of departure for two hours or more in the case of flights of less than 3 500 kilometres or for four hours or more in the case of flights of 3 500 kilometres or more, passengers shall be offered the assistance offered in the case of denied boarding as specified in Article 8 . 1. When the body responsible as laid down in Article 3(3) reasonably expects a flight to be delayed beyond its scheduled time of departure for one hour in the case of flights of less than 1000 kilometres, for two hours in the case of flights of between 1000 and 3 500 kilometres or for four hours in the case of flights of over 3 500 kilometres, passengers shall be offered the assistance offered in the case of denied boarding as specified in Article 9, except in the case of force majeure . In any event, that assistance shall be offered no later than two hours after the scheduled time of departure of the flight in the case of flights of less than 3,500 kilometres and no later than four hours after the scheduled time of departure of the flight in the case of flights of