Reply (18 June 2007) The i2010 strategy considered its third pillar as achieving an inclusive European information society including eAccessibility policy guidance. The relevant 2005 Communication on eAccessibility sought to deal with the practical challenges for overcoming the technical barriers that people with special needs experience when trying to participate on equal terms in the Information Society by promoting a consistent approach to eAccessibility initiatives in the Member States on a voluntary basis, as well as by fostering industry self-regulation. It stressed that ongoing EU level activities, such as accessibility requirements and standards, Design for All (DFA), web accessibility, benchmarking — monitoring and research, would be strengthened and continued. In its December 2005 resolution on ‘i2010 — A European Information Society for growth and employment’, the Council invited Member States to continue to implement the guidelines on their public websites, to support the European Design for All and eAccessibility Network and to include, in their regular reporting within the i2010 framework, their progress in eAccessibility. In June 2006, the Riga Ministerial Conference — ‘ICT for an Inclusive Society’ laid out political guidance for further action. The last i2010 — Annual Information Society Report 2007 confirms the Commission's intention to outline, as a next step, its vision for the 2008 eInclusion initiative. In this context, it will review progress in the field of eAccessibility and consider the need for further action, including proposals for legal measures. The Commission acknowledged that all Member States have inclusion policies, that there is broad consensus in their objectives and, finally, that they have achieved significant progress in moving towards the goal of an inclusive knowledge-based society. eAccessibility policies have remained high on the EU political agenda in recent years. The progress made demonstrates commitment from the Member States and the Commission, which has led to a sustainable momentum in the i2010 strategy framework.