b (new) (8b) With a view to achieving the single market, short-distance maritime transport should be used as much as possible and the administrative burden on shipping should be reduced. The ‘Blue Belt’ project will help to reduce the reporting formalities required from commercial shipping on entering or leaving ports in Member States. Amendment 17 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 9 (9) The Union has established a comprehensive maritime transport strategy up to 2018, which includes the e-maritime concept. Furthermore, it is developing an EU maritime surveillance network. The Agency has maritime systems and applications available which are of interest for the realisation of these policies. Therefore the Agency should make the systems and the data available to interested partners. (9) The Union has established a comprehensive maritime transport strategy up to 2018, which includes the e-maritime concept. Furthermore, it is developing an EU maritime surveillance network. The Agency has maritime systems and applications available which are of interest for the realisation of these policies and, in particular, for the ‘Blue Belt’ project. Therefore the Agency should make the systems and the data available to interested partners. Amendment 18 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 9 a (new) (9a) In order to contribute to the establishment of a ‘Single European Sea’ and to help prevent and combat marine pollution, synergies should be created between authorities, including coastguard services. Amendment 19 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 9 b (new) (9b) The Agency should assist the Commission and Member States in developing and implementing the Union's ‘e-maritime’ initiative, which is designed to improve the efficiency of the maritime sector through better use of information technologies, without prejudice to the areas of responsibility of competent authorities. Amendment 20 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 9 c (new) (9c) In view of the importance of Europe continuing to attract new seafarers of high quality to replace the generation that is retiring, the Agency should support Member States and the Commission in promoting maritime training. In particular it should work to share best practice and facilitate exchanges between maritime training institutions based on the Erasmus model. Amendment 21 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 10 (10) The Agency has established itself as the authoritative provider of maritime traffic data at EU level which are of interest and relevance in other EU activities. Through