implementation, there are provisions on designation and tasks of competent national authorities, European organ exchange organizations and exchange of organs with third countries. The rapporteur welcomes this proposal and highly appreciates its three principal aims: ensuring quality and safety for patients at EU level, ensuring protection of donors and facilitating cooperation between Member States. Generally, in the European Union there is broad societal consensus on organ donation for the purpose of transplantation. However, due to different cultural, traditional or organizational system background, there are differences between Member States in approach to this issue. While maintaining or striving for harmonization of the quality and safety measures, rapporteur stresses that the directive must not create an additional administrative burden for Member States and must leave enough flexibility without jeopardizing current good practices. The rapporteur agrees with Commission’s view, that as matter of principle, organ transplantation programmes are based on the principle of voluntary and unpaid donation since this principle was anchored already in the previous legislation on substances of human origin. Organ donation must be always a free gift and protected from any linkage to possible commercialization. Moreover, donation and transplantation systems are based on altruism. To foster the quality of transplantation process, rapporteur proposes some amendments related to the human dignity. Coming to the issue of consent, the freedom of choice as whether or not to donate an organ needs to be respected and protected as well, therefore its adjustment falls in the competence of Member States. Introducing the compensation to the living donors should be seen strictly as making good the expenses directly related to the donation such as for example travelling fees, avoiding any financial incentives for potential donors. Moreover, the person who has suffered undue damage resulting from an intervention is entitled to fair compensation. Traceability of organ from the donor to the recipient and vice versa represents one of the major safety concerns, for that reason concept of anonymity needs to be replaced by confidentiality in order to avoid any contradiction in terms. Rapporteur supported inclusion of the notion of sound data protection measures of donor and recipient into the proposal. Sharing of best practices, models and expertise across the European Union has already proved useful in increasing organ donor rates. Cooperation should be fostered in order to identify successful elements of different transplantation systems and promote them on the European level, thus leading to the improvements