Strategy and various major initiatives, developing a data framework that consistently includes environmental issues along with economic ones becomes all the more imperative. (5) The European System of Accounts (ESA), set up by Council Regulation (EC) No 2223/96 of 25 June 1996 on the European system of national and regional accounts in the Community OJ L 310, 30.11.1996, p. 1. (‘ESA 95’), consistent with the System of National Accounts (SNA), adopted by the United Nations Statistical Commission in February 1993, is the main tool behind the Union's economic statistics as well as many economic indicators (including GDP). The ESA framework can be used to analyse and evaluate various aspects of the economy (e.g. its structure, specific parts, development over time) yet for some specific data needs, such as analysis of the interaction between the environment and the economy, the best solution is to draw up separate satellite accounts. (6) In its June 2006 conclusions, the European Council called on the Union and its Member States to extend the national accounts to key aspects of sustainable development. National accounts should therefore be supplemented with integrated environmental economic accounts providing data that are fully consistent. (6a) It is of great importance that, as soon as the system is fully operational, European environmental economic accounts be actively and accurately used in all Member States and in all relevant Union policy making as a key input to impact assessments, action plans, legislative proposals and other significant results of the policy process. (6b) More timely data could also be produced by now-casting, which uses statistical techniques similar to those used in forecasting to make reliable estimates. (7) Satellite accounts allow the analytical capacity of national accounting to be expanded for selected areas of social concern, such as pressures on the environment stemming from human activity, in a flexible manner, without overburdening or disrupting the central system. Satellite accounts should be made available to the public regularly and in comprehensible form. (8) The System of integrated Environmental Economic Accounts (SEEA), developed collectively by the United Nations, the European Commission, the International Monetary Fund, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and the World Bank, is a satellite system of the SNA. It brings together economic and environmental information in a common framework to measure the contribution of the environment to the economy and the impact of the economy on the environment. It provides policy-makers with indicators