( 24 ) The lifetime exposure, and where appropriate the acute exposure of consumers to pesticide residues via food products should be evaluated in accordance with Community procedures and practices, taking account of guidelines published by the World Health Organization. ( 25 ) Through the World Trade Organisation, the Community's trading partners should be consulted about the MRLs proposed, and their observations should be taken into account before the MRLs are adopted. MRLs set at the international level by the Codex Alimentarius Commission should also be considered when Community MRLs are being set , taking into account the corresponding good agricultural practices. (26) For food and feed produced outside the Community, different agricultural practices as regards the use of plant protection products may be legally applied, sometimes resulting in pesticide residues differing from those resulting from uses legally applied in the Community. It is therefore appropriate that MRLs are set for imported products that take these uses and the resulting residues into account provided that the safety of the products can be demonstrated using the same criteria as for domestic produce. ( 27 ) It is necessary that the Authority assess MRL applications and the evaluation reports prepared by the Member States , taking into account the full range of toxicological effects such as immunotoxicity, endocrine disruption and developmental toxicity, with a view to determining the associated risks to the consumers and, where relevant, to animals. ( 28 ) Member States should lay down rules on sanctions applicable to infringements of this Regulation and ensure that they are implemented. Those sanctions are to be effective, proportionate and dissuasive. ( 29 ) The development of a Community-harmonised system for MRLs entails the development of guidelines, databases and other activities with associated costs. It is appropriate for the Community in certain cases to make a contribution to those costs. ( 30 ) It is good administrative practice and technically desirable to coordinate the timing of decisions on MRLs for active substances with decisions taken for those substances under Directive 91/414/EEC. For many substances for which Community MRLs have not yet been set, decisions are not due to be taken under that Directive before the date of entry into force of this Regulation. ( 31 ) It is therefore necessary to adopt separate rules providing for temporary but mandatory harmonised MRLs, with a view to setting MRLs progressively as decisions are taken on