the procedure laid down in Article 11 of Council Regulation (EEC) No 2408/92, may adjust the amounts referred to in paragraph 1 where that is made necessary by economic trends. Justification It is necessary to reintroduce an amendment adopted by the European Parliament in response to the 1998 proposed revision to the Denied Boarding Regulation to ensure that the amounts of compensation are kept in line with inflation (A4 0240/1998). Amendment 13 Article 8 (1), last paragraph The passengers shall also be offered free of charge a telephone call and/or telex or fax message and/or e-mail to the point of final destination. The passengers shall also be offered free of charge a telephone call and/or telex or fax message and/or e-mail to the point of final destination and to the point of departure. Justification Self-explanatory. Amendment 14 Article 9 (b) (b) hotel accommodation in cases where a stay of one or more nights, or an additional stay, becomes necessary. (b) hotel accommodation in cases where an additional stay of one or more nights is necessary. Travel to the hotel shall also be reimbursed. Justification Self-explanatory. Amendment 15 Article 10 (1) 1. In the case of cancellation of a flight, the following provisions apply except when the air carrier or tour operator can prove that it was done solely because of exceptional circumstances beyond its responsibility or that of its subcontracting agent. 1. In the case of cancellation of a flight, the following provisions apply except when the air carrier or tour operator can prove that it was done solely because of exceptional circumstances beyond its responsibility or that of its subcontracting agent, as defined in Article 2. Justification See Amendment 1. Amendment 16 Article 10 (2) 2. When, before the scheduled time of departure, an air carrier or tour operator cancels or reasonably expects to cancel a flight, it shall make every effort to contact the passengers affected and to agree with them the conditions under which they accept to surrender their confirmed reservations. At the very least the passengers shall be offered a choice between: 2. When, before the scheduled time of departure, an air carrier or tour operator cancels or expects to cancel a flight, it shall make every effort to contact the passengers affected and to agree with them the conditions under which they accept to surrender their confirmed reservations. At the very least the passengers shall