cannot. (8) Advertisement features, announcements or promotions, sometimes referred to as "advertorials", that are disseminated in exchange for a payment or other reciprocal arrangement should comply with the Directive if the marketers rather than the publishers control their content. Traders and publishers shall make it clear that advertisement features are advertisements, for example by heading them "advertisement feature". (9) Falsely arguing that the personal security of the consumer or his family is at risk if the consumer does not purchase the product or materially overstating the risks that the consumer or his family is at if the consumer does or does not purchase the product . (10) Establishing, operating or promoting a pyramid promotional scheme where a consumer gives consideration for the opportunity to receive compensation that is derived primarily from the introduction of other consumers into the scheme rather than from the sale or consumption of products. (11) Using an artificially high reference price as the basis to grant discounts and so giving the consumer the false impression that there is a price advantage. (12) Using the expression "liquidation sale" or equivalent when the trader is not about to cease trading and is not facing circumstances which give him the legal right to describe his sales position as a liquidation sale . (13) Promoting a product similar to that made by a particular manufacturer in such a manner as to suggest it is made by that same manufacturer when that is not the case. (14) Supplying goods or services to consumers who have not requested them, unless it is made clear that the goods or services are free and may be retained or used without any obligation on the part of the consumer. (15) Carrying on business in such a way as to make it difficult for consumers to know the true identity of the person or persons that would normally be liable as seller or supplier under the applicable law. (16) Promoting the supply of products or services under the guise of canvassing or soliciting opinions. (17) Advertising or promoting products or services in such a way as to disguise the commercial intent of the communication. (18) Procuring in a fraudulent manner the signature by the consumer of waivers of the legal protection set out in this Directive. (19) The practice of going into liquidation or changing ownership with the express purpose of avoiding liabilities and previous agreements