at national, regional and local level, structured along the commonly agreed themes, with the assistance of the Commission; urges the social partners and civil society organisations to get engaged in these debates; 21. Expects political parties to give much more prominence to the European dimension in both their internal debates and electoral campaigning; 22. Would welcome citizens' petitions that contribute to shaping the debate; 23. Urges the Union to give much greater priority to cultural and educational policy in order to give life to the Constitution’s formula of ‘unity in diversity’; 24. Points out that a European dialogue will be impossible without adequate funding, and reiterates its budgetary proposal for increased funding of the PRINCE programme; in this regard, urges a rapid settlement of the Financial Perspective of the Union for the period 2007-2013; 25. Suggests that the conclusions of the period of reflection should be drawn at the latest in the second half of 2007, and that a clear decision be reached at that stage about how to proceed with the Constitution; 26. Notes that there is in theory a number of options available to the Union ranging from abandoning the constitutional project altogether, continuing to try to ratify the present text unamended, seeking to clarify or add to the present text, restructuring and/or modifying the present text with the aim of improving it, or embarking upon a complete re-write; 27. Considers that a positive outcome of the period of reflection would be that the current text can be maintained, although this would only be possible if accompanied by significant measures to reassure and convince public opinion; 28. Calls on the members of the European Council to accept both individual and collective responsibility for bringing into force a Constitution for Europe; and insists that they coordinate more closely both the content and timing of the national campaigns and give evidence to the citizen of their political will and mutual solidarity; 29. Takes note of Commission’s ‘Plan D for Democracy, Dialogue and Debate’( COM(2005)0494 ), but calls on the Commission not only to deliver its communications strategy but also to show decisive political commitment to help the Union emerge from its current constitutional difficulties; 30. Underlines that Romania and Bulgaria must be involved in all the actions referred to above; 31. Calls upon all civil-society associations and organisations to include the entry into force of the Constitution as one of