of aid, with a change to the de-minimis threshold and a reduction of the administrative burdens involved. Effective enforcement of competition law The Commissioner promised to follow the line of her predecessor in "effective enforcement of modernised competition law. I will also encourage the mainstreaming of enforcement, involving national authorities and private sector actors. This is vital if we are to ensure the spoils of the single market are not carved up by a handful of businesses. Proper competition rules are an essential prerequisite for competitiveness: only with a fair competitive environment at home can firms prepare to compete abroad." She insisted there was no misunderstanding between her and Commissioner Verheugen: he was not seeking changes to merger rules and was in full agreement with her policy. Active promotion of competitive practices Ms Kroes said it was not enough to stand waiting for anti-competitive behaviour to occur and then correct it. It should be tackled at source. "This is why I am planning investigations in a limited number of key sectors where competition may not be functioning as well as it might. We will do this with an open and constructive attitude." In particular, she mentioned the energy, transport and financial services sectors in this regard. The challenge for Europe was clear, she said. "Either we continue with low growth and high unemployment and see our social values eroded, or we adapt, to stimulate and promote growth of the economy, which is the foundation for our vision of society. It is time to take the bull by the horns," she concluded. Among the specific points made in response to MEPs, she insisted her aim was not to get rid of German Landesbanks, merely to prevent unfair competition, and, on the London Stock Exchange takeover, she said she would be delighted to examine the situation if the national competition authorities requested her to do so. 03.02.2005 Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs: Bureau and co-ordinators meeting open to all Members In the chair: Pervenche BERÈS (PES, FR) Press enquiries: Ralph Pine - tel. (32-2) 28 42941 e-mail: econ-press@europarl.eu.int The future of EU Cohesion Policy - sufficient funding the key A public hearing at the European Parliament on Wednesday on the future of regional policy focussed on how regional policy can contribute to the Lisbon agenda and how it must adapt following enlargement. Regional Policy Commissioner Danuta HÜBNER outlined the latest position