later on could be much higher. Measures should also be taken to promote mechanisms enabling such undertakings to have access to funding sources at all their stages of development, including the earliest. (Amendment 11) Recital 10a (new) (10a) The procedures concerning calls for proposals have to be improved in order to guarantee a rapid delivery of this Programme. (Amendment 12) Recital 11 (11) The different rates of development on the provision and use of information services in the present Member States and in the candidate countries deserve special consideration, having regard to the internal cohesion of the Community and the risks associated with a two-tier Information Society. (11) The different rates of development on the provision and use of information services as well as of new communication techniques and the related content in the present Member States and in the candidate countries deserve special consideration, having regard to the internal cohesion of the Community and the risks associated with a two-tier Information Society. The presence of content in different languages promotes equality of access for citizens to the Information Society and reduces discrimination. The programme needs to ensure that no groups are excluded from the possibility of fully exploiting the opportunities presented by the information technologies and that everyone gains access to the digital content. (Amendment 13) Recital 12 (12) The Commission has published in January 1999 a Green paper on Public sector information in the Information society, launching a European debate on this topic. (12) The Commission has published in January 1999 a Green paper on Public sector information in the Information society, launching a European debate on this topic. Particular attention should be paid in this programme to marketing and operational activities, and public-private partnership and non-profit sector partnership based on the principle of mutual benefit rather than just research and development. Attention should be focused throughout the programme on the issues of copyright, otherwise there will subsequently be serious problems in the exploitation of public sector information. (Amendement 14) Recital 12a (new) (12a) Access to information originating in the public sector must respect the particular obligations of those authorities and the need to protect the confidentiality of personal data (European Parliament and Council Directive 95/46/EC)( 1 ). ___________ ( 1 ) OJ L 281, 23.11.1995, p. 31. (Amendment 15) Recital 14 (14) Any content policy action should be complementary to other ongoing Community initiatives, and be performed