information on its activities; calls on the Council to inform Parliament of the results of its deliberations; 5. Stresses that any reduction of the language options which may prove necessary must be undertaken on the basis of objective and sufficiently justified criteria, that it must be announced publicly and that only the language of the incumbent presidency may have priority until the end of such presidency; 6. Supports the recommendation of the Ombudsman to the Council that it examine the complainant’s request that the websites of the Council presidencies be also made available in German; 7. Welcomes the fact that, in contrast to the practice of past presidencies, whereby websites were only available in English, French and the language of the incumbent presidency, the French Council Presidency publishes its official website in the most widely spoken languages of the European Union (English, German, French, Italian and Spanish); 8. Addresses itself to all future Council presidencies, in the hope that they will make their websites available in as many languages as possible and, in the event of a restriction on the number of languages, will use the most widely spoken official languages according to an order of priority; 9. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council, the Commission, the European Ombudsman and the governments and parliaments of the Member States. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT In 2004, the complainant (an association for the defence of the German language) in complaint 1487/2005/GG wrote to the Dutch and the Luxembourg governments in order to ask them to offer the internet presentations they were to provide when holding the Presidency not only in English and French but also in German. The complainant pointed out that more EU citizens had German as their mother-tongue than any other language and that, after the accession of the new Member States, German would rank second if one added the number of EU citizens speaking a language as their mother-tongue or as a foreign language. It stressed that, next to English, German was thus the language understood by most EU citizens. It was further submitted that communications by EU institutions that are mainly addressed to the European public should be accessible to as many EU citizens as possible. Where the number of languages used is limited, this choice should be based on the demographic weight of these languages. In his investigating of the complaint the Ombudsman pointed out, among