Answer given by Mr Piebalgs on behalf of the Commission (11 May 2010) The EU actively promotes peace and security through its political dialogue with Nigeria under Article 8 of the revised Cotonou Agreement in which supporting policies for peace plays an important role. Under the same article the EU engages in dialogue with Nigeria on human rights and democratic principles, including ethnic, religious and racial discrimination. The return of Nigeria to democracy in 1999 has seen improvements in aspects of governance but also an increase in tensions and violent conflicts particularly in the central states. In the last 10 years these conflicts have caused the death of over 14 000 people in Nigeria and left over three million internally displaced people. Violence is triggered by a multitude of factors including competing ethno-linguistic groups and competition for access to resources. Religious differences often fuel and amplify existing differences leading to larger clashes. Measures being undertaken by the EU in Nigeria combine immediate diplomatic efforts with longer-term development cooperation. The EU was amongst the first of Nigeria's international partners to make public its views on the violence that broke out in Jos. In January 2010 the EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, Catherine Ashton, issued a statement jointly with United States (US) Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, British Foreign Secretary David Miliband, and French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner, expressing deep regret at the violence and tragic loss of lives in Jos. The statement urged all parties to exercise restraint and seek peaceful means to resolve differences. It also called on the Federal Government to bring the perpetrators of violence to justice and to support interethnic and interfaith dialogue. Further declarations were issued by the EU on Nigeria in February and March 2010 calling for stability, and underlining the importance of the rule of law, responsible governance and the promotion of accountability. In March 2010 the EU Delegation in Abuja conducted a diplomatic demarche with the Nigerian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in order to convey condemnation of the most recent outbreaks of violence in the villages around Jos. Nigeria has substantial armed forces and contributes to peacekeeping efforts in the region and in the wider continent as well as assisting with mediation efforts in troubled neighbouring countries. Nigeria has not requested the help of troops from third countries, and the Nigerian army played a key role in stepping in