which it is allowed to have more than one type of gear on board, the gear which is not used shall be stowed so that it may not readily be used in accordance with the following conditions: Justification This seems to be a mistake and is not in the current regulation. It seems logical to stow the unused gear even if there are only two. Amendment 4 5 Proposal for a regulation Article 41 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. The master of a fishing vessel shall record all discards above 15 kg of live weight equivalents in volume and shall communicate, where possible by electronic means, this information without delay to its competent authorities. 1. The master of a fishing vessel shall record all discards above 15 kg of live weight equivalents in volume per haul of gear and per trip, and shall communicate, where possible by electronic means, this information without delay to its competent authorities. The Commission shall consider a scheme to fit video-monitoring equipment for the purpose of ensuring compliance with this R egulation. Released fish in recreational fisheries shall not be considered to constitute discards or mortality for the purpose s of this R egulation. Justification As far as "per trip" is concerned, this is necessary to define the time period during which the recording should take place. Amendment 4 6 Proposal for a regulation Article 42 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment For vessels fitted with Vessel Monitoring System, Member States shall verify systematically that the information received at the Fisheries Monitoring Centre corresponds to activities recorded in the logbook by using Vessel Monitoring System data and where available to the data from observers. Such cross-checks shall be recorded in computer-readable format and kept for a period of three years. For vessels fitted with Vessel Monitoring System, Member States shall verify systematically that the information received at the Fisheries Monitoring Centre corresponds to activities recorded in the logbook by using Vessel Monitoring System data and where available to the data from observers. Such cross-checks shall be recorded in computer-readable format and kept for a period of ten years. Amendment 4 7 Proposal for a regulation Chapter IV – section 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Section 4 The whole of Section 4 is deleted. Real time closure of fisheries Justification Closures are a technical measure which should be regulated