legislative objective have been submitted to Parliament simultaneously or within a short period of time, Parliament shall deal with them in a single report. In its report, the committee responsible shall indicate to which text it has proposed amendments and it shall refer to all other texts in the legislative resolution. CHAPTER 2 PROCEDURE IN COMMITTEE Rule 45 Legislative reports 1. The Chair of the committee to which a proposal for a legislative act is referred shall propose to the committee the procedure to be followed. 2. Following a decision on the procedure to be followed, and if Rule 46 does not apply, the committee shall appoint a rapporteur on the proposal for a legislative act from among its members or permanent substitutes if it has not yet done so on the basis of the Commission Work Programme agreed under Rule 35. 3. The committee's report shall comprise: (a) amendments, if any, to the proposal, accompanied, if appropriate, by short justifications which shall be the responsibility of the rapporteur and shall not be put to the vote; (b) a draft legislative resolution, in accordance with Rule 55(2); (c) if appropriate, an explanatory statement including a financial statement which establishes the magnitude of any financial impact of the report and its compatibility with the multiannual financial framework. Rule 46 Simplified procedure 1. Following a first discussion of a proposal for a legislative act, the Chair may propose that it be approved without amendment. Unless at least one-tenth of the members of the committee object, the Chair shall present to Parliament a report approving the proposal. Rule 138(1), second subparagraph, (2) and (4) shall apply. 2. The Chair may alternatively propose that a set of amendments be drafted by the chair or by the rapporteur reflecting the committee's discussion. If the committee so agrees, these amendments shall be sent to the members of the committee. Unless at least one tenth of the members of the committee object within a set time limit, which may not be less than 21 days from the date of dispatch, the report shall be deemed to have been adopted by the committee. In this case the draft legislative resolution and the amendments shall be submitted to Parliament without debate pursuant to Rule 138(1), second subparagraph, (2) and (4). 3. If at least one tenth of the committee's members object, the amendments shall be put to the vote