and 4, in order to extend the range of applicants to shippers, carriers and other persons, as well as to establish a clear connection between the right of access to the network and the right to apply for and to receive train paths, a minor amendment is also required to Directive 2001/14/EC. The proposed deletions will remove the options hitherto open to the Member States in relation to additional applicants, and to that extent will help to make the European internal market a reality. Amendment 11 Article 2, paragraph 1 Member States shall bring into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by [18 months after the entry into force of this Directive] at the latest. They shall forthwith inform the Commission thereof. Member States shall bring into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by 1 January 2006 at the latest. They shall forthwith inform the Commission thereof. Justification To ensure that all authorities, railway undertakings, railway customers and other parties with an interest in the railway market can adapt themselves in good time to the conditions for the opening up of the railway network in the European Union, it is appropriate to specify a clear date for the directive's implementation. The date proposed by the rapporteur is essentially equivalent to the Commission proposal, since the latter provides for a deadline of 18 months after conclusion of the legislative procedure, which can be expected to take some considerable time. The definitive opening up of the network by 1 January 2006 is by no means premature, since only then can the White Paper objectives on the basis of the intended deadline of the year 2010 effectively be achieved by that time. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Introduction and background Despite some efforts under the common transport policy, the European railway sector continues to lack a genuine internal market. The railways directive 91/440/EEC OJ. L 237, 24.8.1991, p. 25. has not lead to anything like an adequate opening up of the market, and railways continue to lose significant market share to the extensively liberalised road, air and waterway transport. The missed opportunities of the past and the future challenges to the transport sector as a whole mean that the special attention will have to be paid by Europe's legislators to revitalising and further developing the rail sector. There is a need for