of preparedness for EU membership of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Cyprus, Latvia, Lithuania, Hungary, Malta, Poland, Slovenia and Slovakia ( COM(2003) 675 – C5-0532/2003 – 2003/2201(INI)) Doc.: A5-0111/2004 Procedure : Own-initiative Debate : 10.03.2004 Vote : 10.03.2004 Vote Parliament called on the ten countries, which are set to join the EU on 1 May, not to relax their efforts to fully achieve European standards after their accession, especially on sensitive issues such as the Roma. In adopting by 382 votes in favour, 17 votes against and 14 abstentions a last resolution on the accession states before they officially become Member States Parliament noted that in only 3% of EU legislation being adopted "serious" problems had been highlighted by the Commission but that there are also other shortcomings in the implementation and enforcement of EU law. The Commission should therefore keep up the pressure after accession. IN the resolution, drawn up by Elmar BROK (EPP-ED, D), MEPs pointed out that the ten countries can only benefit fully from the advantages of EU membership if they apply EU law fully and back it up by an adequate administration and an efficient and independent judiciary. They warned that some countries have not yet taken all the necessary steps. Properly functioning systems are important to ensure the delivery of EU funds. With regard to some concerns over the safety of food coming in from new Member States, MEPs reminded the Commission of its obligation to prevent food products coming onto the internal market should food safety be at risk. They also mentioned the possibility of applying the "safeguard clauses", but said these should be used only as a means to limit possible risks of disruption of the internal market. They asked the Commission to be informed before 1 May what safeguard clauses it intends to apply. MEPs were specifically concerned about the poor progress made by some countries with regard to veterinary legislation, especially on BSE risk prevention and the treatment of animal offal. Current Member States which intend to close their borders for a transitional period to workers from the new Member States were urged to study closely real migratory patterns after enlargement and to abolish the barriers to free movement as soon as possible. Parliament was aware that, parallel to impressive economic achievements, some accession countries have suffered a big increase in unemployment, inequality and social exclusion. It insisted that these issues