319 Proposal for a regulation Annex – section 3 a – point 15 (new) Regulation (EC) No 3448/93 Article 14 b (new) 15. The following article is inserted: 'Article 14b 1. The power to adopt delegated acts is conferred on the Commission subject to the conditions laid down in this Article. 2. The delegation of power referred to in Article 7 shall be conferred on the Commission for a period of 5 years. The Commission shall draw up a report in respect of the delegation of power not later than nine months before the end of the 5-year period. The delegation of power shall be tacitly extended for periods of an identical duration, unless the European Parliament or the Council opposes such extension not later than three months before the end of each period. 3. The delegation of power referred to in Article 7 may be revoked at any time by the European Parliament or by the Council. A decision of revocation shall put an end to the delegation of power specified in that decision. It shall take effect on the day following the publication of the decision in the Official Journal of the European Union or on a later date specified therein. It shall not affect the validity of any delegated acts already in force. 4. As soon as it adopts a delegated act, the Commission shall notify it simultaneously to the European Parliament and to the Council. 5. A delegated act adopted pursuant to Article 7 shall enter into force only if no objection has been expressed either by the European Parliament or the Council within a period of two months of notification of that act to the European Parliament and the Council or if, before the expiry of that period, the European Parliament and the Council have both informed the Commission that they will not object. That period shall be extended by four months at the initiative of the European Parliament or the Council.‘ Amendment 320 Proposal for a regulation Annex – section 3 a – point 15 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 3448/93 Article 16 15a. Article 16 is replaced by the following: 'Article 16 1. The Commission shall be assisted by a committee on horizontal questions concerning trade in processed agricultural products not listed in Annex I (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Committee’). 2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Article 5 of Regulation