thereof). However, there can be no civil dialogue without the involvement of civil society. Accordingly, in June 2008 the rapporteur organised a seminar within the EP on the prospects for the development of civil dialogue following the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty. The seminar, which was attended by a large number of civil society representatives, was a great success, and the thought-provoking conclusions reached have, among other things, served as a basis for this report. There is no single and universally applied definition of civil dialogue , either in EU law or in EU administrative practice. With the exception of a few Commission documents on consultation and communication policy in the EU See the following Commission documents: White Paper on a European communication policy ( COM(2006)0035 ); Plan-D for Democracy, Dialogue and Debate ( COM(2005)0494 ); Action plan to improve communicating Europe by the Commission ( SEC(2005)0985 ); Proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing for the period 2007-2013 the programme “Citizens for Europe” to promote active European citizenship ( COM(2005)0116 ); Towards a reinforced culture of consultation and dialogue – General principles and minimum standards for consultation of interested parties by the Commission ( COM(2002)0704 ); White Paper on governance, 2001. , there are no rules governing the organisation of or the framework and methods for civil dialogue. The fact that the European institutions have different approaches to civil dialogue makes it even more difficult to pin the concept down. In this connection, major reservations have been express about, for instance, the representativeness of the non-governmental organisations invited to take part in the dialogue, the lack of public access to Council proceedings, and the excessive amount of freedom enjoyed, in particular, by the Commission as regards the manner in which the dialogue is conducted. The rapporteur therefore considers it essential for the concept of civil dialogue to be defined (or described) at EU level and for rules governing the representativeness of civil society participants to be laid down. The principle of representativeness could best be satisfied by involving in civil dialogue those civil society organisations with which the public identify and which best – i.e. most fully and competently – represent their interests. The success of civil dialogue will hang precisely on this principle of representativeness; in other words on the involvement of all key stakeholders in the areas covered by