property law, (d) procedural law; 6. measures concerning judicial and administrative cooperation in civil matters; 7. environmental liability and sanctions against environmental crime; 8. ethical questions related to new technologies, applying the procedure with associated committees with the relevant committees; 9. the Statute for Members and the Staff Regulations of the European Union; 10. privileges and immunities as well as verification of Members' credentials; 11. the organisation and statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union; 12. the Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market. XVII. Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs Committee responsible for: 1. the protection within the territory of the Union of citizens' rights, human rights and fundamental rights, including the protection of minorities, as laid down in the Treaties and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union; 2. the measures needed to combat all forms of discrimination other than those based on sex or those occurring at the workplace and in the labour market; 3. legislation in the areas of transparency and of the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data; 4. the establishment and development of an area of freedom, security and justice, in particular: (a) measures concerning the entry and movement of persons, asylum and migration, (b) measures concerning an integrated management of the common borders, (c) measures relating to police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters; 5. the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction and the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights, Europol, Eurojust, Cepol and other bodies and agencies in the same area; 6. the determination of a clear risk of a serious breach by a Member State of the principles common to the Member States. XVIII. Committee on Constitutional Affairs Committee responsible for: 1. the institutional aspects of the European integration process, in particular in the framework of the preparation and proceedings of conventions and intergovernmental conferences; 2. the implementation of the EU Treaty and the assessment of its operation; 3. the institutional consequences of enlargement negotiations of the Union; 4. interinstitutional relations, including, in view of their approval by Parliament, examination of interinstitutional agreements pursuant to Rule 127(2) of the Rules of Procedure; 5. uniform electoral procedure; 6. political parties at European level, without prejudice to the competences of the Bureau; 7. the determination of the existence of a serious and persistent breach by a Member