for highly-skilled immigrants 05.04.2006 - MEPs call for free access to EU15 labour markets for new Member States Legislative Observatory - Immigration policy: sanctions against employers of illegally staying third-country nationals 19.02.2009 - MEPs adopt legislative resolution on crackdown on employers of illegal immigrants Security, terrorism and civil liberties Parliament has supported measures to fight terrorism and to improve security, to react to new challenges the European Union was facing, while at the same time making sure legislation guaranteed core democratic values. MEPs were critical of CIA anti-terrorist activities in Europe and of agreements on data sharing with US authorities. During this legislature, Parliament has also revised existing legislation on civil aviation security, gun ownership and money laundering. Countering air terrorism To protect passengers and goods from terrorist attacks, the European Parliament adopted new measures on security at airports and planes. The law lays down common standards for screening of passengers and cabin baggage, security checks of cargo and mail, access control and staff selection and training. Should Member States choose to use them, in-flight security officers ('sky marshals') must be specially selected and trained. Regulation adopted by EP: 11/03/2008 Fully applicable: 29/04/2009 Measures to fight money laundering and financing of terrorism Financial institutions have to check customers' identity when they open an account or transfer sums above €15,000. Anonymous accounts and those opened under false names are banned. Casinos should also check the identity of any customers gambling more than €2 000. These new measures are part of the legislation on money laundering, revised to improve the fight against organised crime and terrorism. Parliament amended the proposed legislation to ensure it included financing of terrorism within the scope. Directive adopted by EP: 26/05/2005 Transposition deadline : 15/12/2007 Biometric passports All EU countries will be issuing biometric passports from the end of June this year. Following the vote of Parliament, no fingerprints will be taken of children under 12: experience shows that such data is of insufficient quality and changes as children grow older. Instead, to prevent child trafficking, minors will have their own passports containing parents' names. However, already issued documents will continue to be valid. The UK has not opted into this legislation but has said it will introduce rules to mirror the EU Regulation. Regulation adopted by EP: 14.01.2009 (Council's formal decision pending) Deadline for introduction of one person, one passport: 36 months after entry into force