in Article 25 shall request transmission system and storage facility operators to notify them of available capacity on a regular basis and whenever additional capacity becomes available. Information on available capacity shall be published. Justification This reinstates Amendment 146 of the first reading of the European Parliament. This provision ensures the optimal usage of transmission and storage resources; it prevents system and storage facility operators leaving transmission and storage facilities wholly or partly unused. Amendment 14 Article 22, paragraph 1, subparagraph 1 1. Major new gas infrastructures, i.e. interconnectors between Member States, LNG and storage facilities, may, upon request, be exempted from the provisions of articles 18, 19, 20, and 25(2), (3) and (4) under the following conditions: 1. Major new gas infrastructures, such as interconnectors between Member States, LNG and storage facilities, may, upon request, be exempted from the provisions of articles 18, 19, 20, and 25(2), (3) and (4) under the following conditions: Justification The current text is very restrictive and will have a negligible impact on the desired result. In fact, transport systems designed to convey gas on long distance include interconnectors between Member States as well as upstream and downstream transport pipelines from exporting country to importing country. The fact that the exemption regime is only applicable to interconnectors will solve only one component of the whole transport problem. Not only is it ineffective, but this limitation will generate distortions in competition conditions among Member States. Remote Member States situated far from supply sources are disadvantaged compared to Member States situated close to supply sources, since the latter are less affected by upstream transport facilities. Amendment 15 Article 22, paragraph 3 a (a) The regulatory authority referred to in Article 25 may, on a case‑by‑case basis, decide on the exemption referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2. However, Member States may provide that the regulatory authorities shall submit, for formal decision, to the relevant body in the Member State its opinion on the request for an exemption. This opinion shall be published together with the decision. (a) The regulatory authority referred to in Article 25 may, on a case‑by‑case basis, decide on the exemption referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2. Justification The regulatory authorities should be independent as far as possible. We should not insist on the wording adopted at first reading ‘the highest possible degree of independence from the Governments of Member States’. However,