Tuesday in plenary: financial crisis post G20 summit, CAP health check Institutions 2008-11-19 - 11:41 MEPs want more milk for Europe in 2009 MEPs on Tuesday 18 November debated the state of the Common Agricultural Policy which holds sway over 62% of the EU budget. Following the G20 meeting in Washington, where 85% of the world's economy was represented, MEPs discussed the financial and economic crisis. Financial crisis post G-20 summit Tuesday afternoon in Strasbourg was devoted to money as MEPs discussed the financial and economic crisis, in the light of the Washington G-20 summit on 14-­15 November with the Commission and Council. French European Affairs minister Jean-Pierre Jouyet said, the current situation is in dire need of rectification, "since 1929 this is the most severe financial crisis; the effects of crisis on economy are now showing clearly, with many countries having entered recession." European Commission President José Manuel Barroso said the G20 meeting "marked a new era in collective steering of the global economic crisis and has made people realise that we need a global approach." For those worried about the future of capitalism, Joseph Daul of the centre-right EPP-ED group had some reassurance. "The financial crisis is not a defeat of capitalism but a result of poor regulation, a lack of market transparency and of proper financial supervisory bodies." But Graham Watson of the Liberal group ALDE group feared that things will never return to normal. "It will never again be business as before." The Socialists want greater control of the international financial system. "Do we now protect banks and funds from a collapse? They take the money gratefully and carry on unhampered. It is like giving money to a gambler who went broke in casino and he continues gambling cheerfully," said Martin Schulz. CAP Health Check Earlier, MEPs discussed agriculture in the final stages of the CAP health check, before Ministers decide on legislation. MEPs looked at four reports, drafted by Portuguese Socialist Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos, which had 1170 amendments in committee stage. Among the recommendations are: A smaller cut in farm aid. Farmers receiving payments above €5000 should by 2013 face a subsidy cut of 7% and not of 13% as the Commission proposed; Limited increase in milk quotas: Milk quotas should increase by 1% in 2009 and 2010. They should be reviewed before the Commission makes further proposals (the quota system expires in 2015);