return, universities, as public institutions, must continue to run their affairs openly and provide information on their areas of activity and the results achieved; Distance teaching universities and the media 29. Considers that academic activity and university research findings need to occupy a more prominent place in the mass media; 30. Recommends that distance teaching universities be supported, new technologies used to provide training leading to qualifications, and teaching professionals, the most underprivileged groups, people with special needs and women placed in a position to gain access to knowledge and revitalise their skills in accordance with suitable rules and procedures; 31. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council and Commission. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 1. Introduction This own-initiative report, the first document that Parliament has produced on universities as such, is intended to chart and open the way to a policy explicitly supporting universities as training centres for professionals and researchers. All the bodies concerned should accordingly intensify the work done to date and press swiftly ahead towards solidly based, resolute cooperation with a view to consolidating the European higher education area and further exploring the avenues offered by the existing legal framework, which is not invariably exploited to good effect and in many cases is perceived as more of a hindrance than a help. 2. Universities as the foundation of the European edifice Since ancient times, universities have been the prime movers in defining the core values of our culture and technical and political development, laying the foundations on which the European edifice has risen up by establishing the supremacy of reason and dialogue, formulating the ethical and political principles , honing natural and political law, and developing science and technical expertise and the theory and practice of medicine, engineering, the humanities, and the social sciences. Through the centuries, the universities have been laying down a philosophical and scientific bedrock; they have fostered experimental sciences and the critical spirit and, in moments of crisis, served as the repository of democratic ideas. They have, moreover, helped to overcome the dark chapters of history by deepening understanding. European universities have managed to adapt and respond to social changes and the new needs of our age as regards social well-being by opening their doors to all citizens. However, the traditional role of universities as scientific powerhouses is currently being questioned in Europe because much top-flight research is being conducted outside the