establishing the European Community, and in particular Article 152 thereof, Having regard to the proposal from the Commission OJ C , , p. . , Having regard to the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee OJ C , , p. . , Having regard to the opinion of the Committee of the Regions OJ C , , p. . , Acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty Position of the European Parliament of 3 September 2003. , Whereas: (1) Physical, sexual and psychological violence against children, young people and women , including threats of such acts, coercion or arbitrary deprivation of liberty, whether occurring in public or private life, constitute a breach of their right to life, safety, freedom, dignity and physical and emotional integrity and pose a serious threat to the physical and mental health of the victims of such violence. The effects of such violence are so widespread throughout the Community as to constitute a major health scourge and an obstacle to the enjoyment of safe, free and just citizenship. (2) Some groups of women, such as women belonging to minority groups, refugee women, women migrants, women in poverty living in rural or remote communities, women in institutions or in detention, female children, lesbian women, women with disabilities, elderly women, are particularly vulnerable to violence. ( 3 ) It is important and necessary to recognise the serious immediate and long-term implications of violence for health, psychological and social development, and for the equal opportunities of those concerned, for individuals, families and communities, and the high social and economic costs to society as a whole. ( 4 ) According to the World Health Organisation's definition, health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity. A World Health Assembly resolution Resolution WHA49.25. adopted at the 49 th World Health Assembly in Geneva in 1996 declares that violence is a leading world-wide public health problem. The World report on violence and health presented by the World Health Organisation in Brussels on 3 October 2002 recommends to promote primary prevention responses, to strengthen responses for victims of violence and to increase collaboration and exchange of information on violence prevention. ( 5 ) These principles are recognised in numerous conventions, declarations and protocols claimed by the main International Institutions such as the