Highlights of Strasbourg session 7-10 July Institutions 2008-07-07 - 15:12 The red carpet in Strasbourg will be out on Thursday for President Sarkozy Selected highlights of the Strasbourg plenary session 7-10 July include the launch of the French presidency of the EU by French President Nicolas Sarkozy. Also this week the future of Europe's gas industry will debated. Updating food additive rules will also be addressed as will a new deal on airline emissions. Also on air travel the safety of small children in plane seats will be considered this week whilst the environmental risks of Nord Stream pipeline will also be investigated. Sarkozy to launch French Presidency at 10am on Thursday 10 July French President Nicolas Sarkozy will launch the French Presidency of the EU at 10am on Thursday 10 July in Strasbourg in a speech to MEPs. The four French presidency priorities are likely to be: immigration, climate change, European defence and agricultural policy. Liberalising the gas market - Industry Committee backs Commission compromise The Industry, Research and Energy Committee is supporting the liberalisation of the gas market along the lines of a recent Commission compromise proposal, which aimed to address concerns of countries opposed to "full ownership unbundling" (the complete separation of gas suppliers from gas transmission networks). European Strategic Energy Technology Plan needed to achieve 2020 energy climate objectives. MEPs in the Industry and Energy Committee say energy efficiency needs to be included in the European Strategic Energy Technology (SET) Plan in an own initiative report by Jerzy BUZEK (EPP-ED, PL). Modernising the rules on food additives and labelling of azo-dyes EU rules for authorising food additives, flavourings and enzymes will be updated and simplified provided Parliament endorses an informal second- reading agreement reached between EP and Council negotiators on a package of four draft regulations. The new procedures will assist the free movement of food within the EU and also give better health and consumer protection, including clearer labelling of certain food colourings. The new "common authorisation procedure" in a report by Åsa WESTLUND (PES, SE) will contribute to the free movement of food within the Community and to the protection of human health and consumer interests. A second report by Åsa WESTLUND (PES, SE) deals with additives such as sweeteners, colourings, preservatives, antioxidants, emulsifiers, gelling agents and packaging gases. The report by Mojca DRČAR MURKO (ALDE, SI) concerns flavourings and certain food ingredients with