comprehensive agreement that is much more ambitious in its scope and replaces all of the bilateral agreements by creating a Euro-Mediterranean aviation area between the EU and Jordan. The agreement establishes uniform standards for air carriers in all 27 Member States and allows them to benefit regardless of their national affiliation. Accordingly, EU-based air carriers will be able to operate services between any location in the EU and Jordan, something that was until now conditional upon, among other things, the existence of a bilateral agreement between the Member State concerned and Jordan. The agreement's objectives are: gradual market opening in terms of access to routes and capacity on a reciprocal basis; non-discrimination and a level playing field for economic operators, based on the principles laid down in the EU Treaties; alignment of the Jordan aviation legislation with EU legislation on issues such as safety, security and air traffic management. Article 21 of the agreement establishes a joint committee to oversee the proper implementation of the agreement. The joint committee will foster expert-level exchanges on new legislative or regulatory initiatives or developments and will consider potential areas for further development of the agreement. The committee will consist of representatives of the Commission and of the Member States. Procedural aspects The Council authorised the Commission to enter into negotiations with Jordan on an aviation agreement in November 2007. The draft agreement was initialled by both parties on 17 March 2010. The agreement was signed on 15 December 2010 and is not subject to provisional application. In a letter dated 17 May 2011, the Council called on Parliament to consent to the conclusion of the agreement. The agreement regulates not only areas falling within EU competences, but also areas falling within the competences of Member States. In view of this, the conclusion of the agreement requires not only its ratification at EU level, but also its ratification by the national parliaments of Member States. Parliament will take a decision on the agreement under the consent procedure, as provided for in Rule 81 of the Rules of Procedure, meaning that a single vote will be taken and that no amendments may be tabled. Rapporteur's recommendation Relations between the EU and Jordan are based on the Association Agreement which entered into force in 2002 and whose objective is to establish a free trade area between the EU and Jordan. Furthermore, both parties are cooperating closely