WRITTEN QUESTION E-1874/08 by Erik Meijer (GUE/NGL) to the Commission (7 April 2008) Subject: Lack of clarity regarding the dates of inception and termination of, and territorial limits to, action by EU‑linked institutions in Kosovo and their relationship to UNMIK 1. Can the Commission confirm that at the beginning of March the UN Security Council unanimously decided that Resolution 1244 (1999) concerning temporary intensive measures regarding Kosovo, and hence the role of UNMIK, remains in force and that therefore after the recognition of Kosovo's independence any remaining tasks for UNMIK cannot be transferred to any other institution? 2. Can the continued existence of UNMIK, as referred to at 1, be reconciled with the plan which exists within the EU to agree with the Secretary General of the United Nations that on 14 June 2008 the remaining tasks of UNMIK should be transferred to EULEX, and with the idea that, as from that date, EULEX should be made responsible for the whole territory which belonged to the former Serbian province of Kosovo at the time of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia? 3. Can the Commission confirm that it is intended that the mandate of the EULEX mission in Kosovo should not have any termination date but should remain in force until Kosovo becomes an EU Member State, as stated on 12 March 2008 by the Serbian newspaper Blic on the basis of an interview with Pieter Feith, the EU's special representative in Kosovo? Is it certain that Kosovo will accede to the EU, and if so, when will it do so? 4. How does the EU defend itself against a possible Serbian objection that Kosovo has not become independent but has changed into a protectorate of the EU, pending the possible accession of Kosovo as an equal participant in the EU, which the outside world regards as a superpower? 5. Can the Commission confirm that Pieter Feith told the Serbian newspaper Vecernje Novosti, as reported in its issue of 12 March 2008, that it could be years before EULEX can also carry out tasks in the north of Kosovo? How can this be achieved by peaceful means, bearing in mind that the part of the town of Kosovska Mitrovica north of the River Ibar and the three northern municipalities of Zvečan, Zubin Potok and Leposavić are inhabited by 62 000 Serbs, as against only 4 000 Albanians, so that even