take a decision by means of a single vote, without amendment or debate. Rule 87 Recasting 1. When a proposal recasting Union legislation is submitted to Parliament, that proposal shall be referred to the committee responsible for legal affairs and to the committee responsible for the subject-matter. 2. The committee responsible for legal affairs shall examine the proposal in accordance with the arrangements agreed at interinstitutional level Interinstitutional Agreement of 28 November 2001 on a more structured use of the recasting technique for legal acts, point 9 (OJ C 77, 28.3.2002, p. 1). with a view to checking that it entails no substantive changes other than those identified as such in the proposal. For the purpose of that examination, amendments to the text of the proposal shall be inadmissible. However, the second subparagraph of Rule 86(3) shall apply to provisions which remain unchanged in the recasting proposal. 3. If the committee responsible for legal affairs considers that the proposal does not entail any substantive changes other than those identified as such in the proposal, it shall inform the committee responsible. In such a case, over and above the conditions laid down in Rules 156 and 157, amendments shall be admissible within the committee responsible for the subject-matter only if they concern those parts of the proposal which contain changes. However, if in accordance with point 8 of the Interinstitutional Agreement the committee responsible intends also to submit amendments to the codified parts of the proposal, it shall immediately notify its intention to the Council and to the Commission, and the latter should inform the committee, prior to the vote pursuant to Rule 54, of its position on the amendments and whether or not it intends to withdraw the recast proposal. 4. If the committee responsible for legal affairs considers that the proposal entails substantive changes other than those which have been identified as such in the proposal, it shall propose that Parliament reject the proposal and shall inform the committee responsible for the subject-matter that it has done so. In such a case the President shall ask the Commission to withdraw the proposal. If the Commission does so, the President shall hold the procedure to be superfluous and shall inform the Council accordingly. If the Commission does not withdraw its proposal, Parliament shall refer the matter back to the committee responsible for the subject-matter, which shall consider it in accordance