one hand, and third countries, on the other , which came into force prior to the entry into force of this Directive ; (b) the European Social Charter of 18 October 1961, the amended European Social Charter of 3 May 1987 and the European Convention on the Legal Status of Migrant Workers of 24 November 1977. (b) the European Social Charter of 18 October 1961, the amended European Social Charter of 3 May 1987 and the European Convention on the Legal Status of Migrant Workers of 24 November 1977. 5 . This Directive shall not affect the possibility for the Member States to adopt or retain more favourable provisions for persons to whom it applies. 2. This Directive shall not affect the possibility for the Member States to adopt or retain more favourable legal, regulatory or administrative provisions for persons to whom it applies, provided that such provisions are compatible with it . Justification Community legislation should be clear, straightforward and precise. That is why paragraphs 4 and 5 of Article 3 should be grouped together in a new Article and under a succinct heading which avoids any possibility of an error with regard to their content. Paragraphs 4 and 5 of Article 3 should therefore become paragraphs 1 and 2 of the new article. In the same way, given that the proposal for a directive lays down certain minimum common standards, it is important not to give the impression that these might prevent the Member States from implementing more favourable provisions in this area, as long as these provisions are compatible with the directive. At the same time, any more favourable standards contained in international legal instruments and agreements binding on the European Community and its Member States should also apply. Amendment 20 Article 3 a (new) Article 3a 1. This Directive shall not apply to pre-existing or recently introduced national rules which may contain provisions or criteria relating to family reunification which are more favourable than those laid down in this Directive. 2. Transposition of this Directive may not under any circumstances provide justification for reducing the level of protection which is already provided by the Member States as regards family reunification in the areas covered by this Directive. Justification It should be pointed out that the Directive lays down minimum standards and that the Member States are fully entitled to adopt more favourable rules on family reunification.