the part-session, at least 40 Members submit a written objection, in which case the committee's recommendations shall be included on the agenda of the same part-session for debate and voting. A political group or at least 40 Members may table amendments. Rule 98 Breach of human rights At each part-session, without requiring authorisation, the committees responsible may each table a motion for a resolution under the same procedure as laid down in Rule 97(4) concerning cases of breaches of human rights. CHAPTER 14 Deleted Rule 99 Deleted Rule 100 Deleted Rule 101 Deleted CHAPTER 15 Deleted Rule 102 Deleted TITLE III TRANSPARENCY OF BUSINESS Rule 103 Transparency of Parliament's activities 1. Parliament shall ensure that its activities are conducted with the utmost transparency, in accordance with the second paragraph of Article 1 of the Treaty on European Union, Article 15 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and Article 42 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. 2. Debates in Parliament shall be public. 3. Committees shall normally meet in public. They may, however, decide, at the latest when the agenda for a meeting is adopted, to divide that agenda into items open to the public and items closed to the public. However, if a meeting is held in camera, the committee may, subject to Article 4(1) to (4) of Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council, open documents and minutes from the meeting to public access. Rule 153 shall apply in the event of any breach of the rules governing confidentiality. 4. Consideration by the committee responsible of requests relating to procedures on immunity under Rule 7 shall always take place in camera. Rule 104 Public access to documents 1. Any citizen of the Union and any natural or legal person residing or having its registered office in a Member State has a right of access to Parliament documents in accordance with Article 15 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, subject to the principles, conditions and limits laid down in Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council and pursuant to the specific provisions contained in these Rules of Procedure. Access to Parliament documents shall as far as possible be granted to other natural or legal persons in the same way. Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 shall be published for information