daily intake or acute reference dose being exceeded as a result of the modification of the MRL; the contribution to the intake due to the residues in the product for which the MRLs was requested; d) any other element relevant to the risk assessment. 2. The Authority shall forward its reasoned opinion to the applicant, the Commission and the Member States. The reasoned opinion shall clearly define the basis for each conclusion reached. 3. Without prejudice to Article 39 of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002, the Authority shall make its reasoned opinion public. Article 11 Time limits for the Authority's opinion on applications concerning MRLs 1. The Authority shall give its reasoned opinion as provided for in Article 10 as soon as possible and at the latest within three months from the date of receipt of the application. In exceptional cases where more detailed evaluations need to be carried out, the time limit laid down in the first subparagraph may be extended to six months from the date of receipt of the valid application. 2. Where the Authority requests supplementary information, the time limit laid down in paragraph 1 shall be suspended until that information has been provided. Such suspensions are subject to Article 13. Article 12 Assessment of existing MRLs by the Authority 1. The Authority shall, within a period of 12 months from the date of the inclusion or non-inclusion of an active substance in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC after the entry into force of this Regulation, submit a reasoned opinion based in particular on the relevant assessment report prepared under Directive 91/414/EEC to the Commission and the Member States on: a) existing MRLs for that active substance set out in Annex II or III to this Regulation; b) the necessity of setting new MRLs for that active substance, or its inclusion in Annex IV to this Regulation; c) specific processing factors as referred to in Article 20(2) of this Regulation that may be needed for that active substance; (d) MRLs which the Commission may consider including in Annex II and/or Annex III to this Regulation and on those MRLs which may be deleted related to that active substance. 2. For substances included in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC before the entry into force of this Regulation, the reasoned opinion referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article shall be delivered within 12 months of the entry into