and assist those third countries in strengthening their capacity to improve the safety of their offshore operations . Cooperation with third countries in carrying out tasks should be strengthened in order to enable swifter action. Amendment 8 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 1 - paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. The Agency shall provide the Member States and the Commission with the technical and scientific assistance needed and with a high level of expertise, in order to help them to apply the Union legislation properly in the field of maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution caused by ships, to monitor its implementation and to evaluate the effectiveness of the measures in place. 2. The Agency shall provide the Member States and the Commission with the technical and scientific assistance needed and with a high level of expertise, in order to help them to apply the relevant legislation properly in the field of maritime safety, maritime security, marine protection of the environment in particular ensuring the prevention of pollution caused by ships, by offshore oil and gas installations including both oil and gas drilling platforms and pipeline terminals, to monitor its implementation and to evaluate the effectiveness of the measures in place. Amendment 9 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 1 – paragraph 3 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3a. The Agency shall also support existing cross-border coastal coordination networks with a view to developing cooperation, focusing more explicitly on disaster prevention, thereby enabling the networks to benefit both from technical and scientific assistance from the Agency and from the detailed knowledge that regional and local authorities have of specific features and local conditions. Amendment 10 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 2 - paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. In order to ensure that the objectives set out in Article 1 are met in the appropriate manner, the Agency shall perform the tasks listed in paragraph 2 of this Article in the fields of maritime safety and maritime security, the prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. 1. In order to ensure that the objectives set out in Article 1 are met