Court of Justice in cases of incorrect application; 12. Calls on the Commission to investigate the conditions of application of the directive to new working time patterns such as precarious work, part-time work and fixed-term work; 13. Calls on the Commission to study the particular characteristics of the work of home workers, whose numbers are rising as teleworking becomes more widespread, in order to make use of the suggestions contained in the ILO's recommendation of 1996, to encourage the social partners in negotiating the directive on teleworking and to regulate the relevant working time issues; 14. Calls on the Commission to make special checks on the compatibility with the directive of working time regulations governing pregnant women, women in the post-natal period, the disabled, trainees and apprentices, and minors; 15. Calls on the Commission to closely follow-up the realisation in the Member States of Article 9 as regards pregnant and post-natal workers, implementing a medical follow-up system and enabling women, where required, to transfer to day work for the duration of the pregnancy; 16. Calls on the Commission to distinguish, in view of the Court of Justice's judgement concerning the meaning of working time and periods of readiness to work, cases of readiness for work, requiring the worker to have alert physical and mental faculties and to be present in the workplace, from the cases, excluded from working time, of simply being on standby; 17. Calls on the Commission to specify clearly the circumstances which are considered to be derogations from the application of the directive, with the workers' consent (voluntary derogations); 18. Calls on the Commission to monitor the way in which Member States define the meaning of "managing executives or other persons with autonomous decision-taking powers' (Article 17(1)(a)), while proposing measures (including concepts and definitions) to prevent the directive being applied in such a way as to water down the notion of "managing executives or other persons with autonomous decision-taking powers'; 19. Stresses the need for the Commission to remind the Member States of their obligation to include clear definitions of basic terms, such as maximum working time and night work; 20. Stresses that the Commission must ensure that separate laws cover overtime night work and that the uncertainty regarding the method of calculating maximum working time is removed, and accordingly that an overall ceiling on permitted work is clearly set out; 21. Stresses that since the right