to taxpayers but are reflected in the product price. Justification As a concession to the position of the Council and the Commission, the amendment to Article 12 (1) in the text agreed by Parliament at first reading (AM 47) has been revised and reduced to its essential principle. Amendment 6 Council position Recital 14 Council position Amendment (14) In order to attain the chosen level of protection and the harmonised environmental objectives of the Union, Member States should adopt appropriate measures to minimise the disposal of WEEE as unsorted municipal waste and to achieve a high level of separate collection of WEEE. In order to ensure that Member States strive to set up efficient collection schemes, they should be required to achieve a high level of collection of WEEE, particularly for cooling and freezing equipment containing ozone-depleting substances and fluorinated greenhouse gases, given their high environmental impact and in view of the obligations contained in Regulation (EC) No 1005/2009 and Regulation (EC) No 842/2006. Data included in the impact assessment show that 65 % of the EEE placed on the market is already separately collected today, but more than half of this is potentially the object of improper treatment and illegal exports. This leads to losses of valuable secondary raw materials and environmental degradation. To avoid this, it is necessary to set an ambitious collection target. It is appropriate to lay down minimum requirements for shipments of used EEE suspected to be WEEE, in the application of which Member States may have regard to any relevant Correspondents' Guidelines elaborated in the context of the implementation of Regulation (EC) No 1013/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 on shipments of waste. (14) In order to attain the chosen level of protection and the harmonised environmental objectives of the Union, Member States should adopt appropriate measures to minimise the disposal of WEEE as unsorted municipal waste and to achieve a high level of separate collection of WEEE. In order to ensure that Member States strive to set up efficient collection schemes, they should be required to achieve a high level of collection of WEEE, particularly for cooling and freezing equipment containing ozone-depleting substances and fluorinated greenhouse gases, given their high environmental impact and in view of the obligations contained in Regulation (EC) No 1005/2009 and Regulation (EC) No 842/2006. Data included in the impact assessment show