Proposal for a regulation Article 54 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Registered buyers, registered auctions or other bodies or persons which are responsible for the first marketing of fishery products landed in a Member State, shall submit electronically, within 2 hours after the first sale, a sales note to the competent authorities of the Member State in whose territory the first sale takes place. If this Member State is not the flag State of the vessel that landed the fish, it shall ensure that a copy of the sales note is submitted to the competent authorities of the flag Member State upon receipt of the relevant information. The accuracy of the sales note shall be the responsibility of these buyers, auctions, bodies or persons. 1. Registered buyers, registered auctions or other bodies or persons which are responsible for the first marketing of fishery products landed in a Member State, shall submit electronically, within 6 hours after the first sale, a sales note to the competent authorities of the Member State in whose territory the first sale takes place. If this Member State is not the flag State of the vessel that landed the fish, it shall ensure that a copy of the sales note is submitted without delay to the competent authorities of the flag Member State upon receipt of the relevant information. The accuracy of the sales note shall be the responsibility of these buyers, auctions, bodies or persons. Justification Even though this information is transmitted electronically, after collection of the data stipulated by Article 14, two hours seems too short a time. It should be borne in mind that with these being vessels of over 10 meters in length that can transport a sizeable catch and Article 14 calling for very detailed information, too short a period may mean that subsequent corrections have to be made, thus complicating and duplicating administrative procedures that are already very difficult. Amendment 5 4 Proposal for a regulation Article 55 – point e Text proposed by the Commission Amendment e) the relevant name or FAO alpha code of each species and its geographical origin expressed by reference to a sub-area and division or sub-division in which catch limits apply pursuant to Community legislation; e) the relevant name or FAO alpha code of each species and its geographical origin expressed to the same level of detail as under