June 2004-June 2009: The Review of the Legislature 2009 elections Institutions 2009-01-23 - 12:47 MEPs are elected for five years – that’s a parliamentary term or a legislature. The EP press service explains all the major decisions, debates and issues that have taken place during the June 2004-June 2009 term. In this section, you will find everything you have always wanted to know about parliamentary activity over the last five years in a detailed and accurate form. "The Review of the Legislature" is an overview on key legislation adopted by the European Parliament over the five-year mandate divided into thematic topics ranging from employment and social affairs, security and civil liberties to health, industry and transport to name just a few. The European elections take place in the 27 Member States from 4-7 June 2009. 20090120TMN46720 European Parliament acting for the environment EP acting for the environment Strict rules on hazardous chemical substances, targets for re-use and recycling of waste, protecting groundwater, collection rates for batteries and accumulators are some of the environmental topics on which the European Parliament adopted EU legislation in this legislature. MEPs also pushed for tighter control of pesticides . MEPs adopted strict conditions for the placing on the market of seal products in the European Union. REACH: New EU chemicals legislation The chemicals regulation, known as REACH, is meant to protect public health and the environment without threatening European competitiveness. It obliges producers to register all chemical substances produced or imported above 1 tonne per year. Registration affects about 30,000 substances. For more hazardous substances, producers have to submit a plan to replace them with safer alternatives or, if no alternative exists, a research plan aimed at finding one. Promotion of alternatives to animal testing of chemicals was an issue of prime concern to MEPs. Regulation adopted by EP: 13.12.2006 Applicable progressively from: 1/06/2007 MEPs adopt strict conditions for the placing on the market of seal products in the European Union The placing on the market of seal products should not be allowed say MEPs. It is permitted only where the seal products result from hunts traditionally conducted by Inuit and other indigenous communities. Otherwise the import is permitted where it is of an occasional nature and consists exclusively of goods for the personal use of the travellers. Furthermore it is allowed to place on the market products that result from by-products of hunting [and]