communication is expressly provided for in this Regulation or if it is necessary for the purposes of preventing or pursuing infringements or the verification of apparent infringements. The data referred to in paragraph 1 shall not be transmitted unless they are aggregated with other data in a form, which does not permit the direct or indirect identification of natural persons. 2. Personal data shall not be communicated to the Commission or to another Member State except in the case where such communication is expressly provided for in this Regulation or if it is necessary for the purposes of preventing or pursuing infringements or the verification of apparent infringements. The data referred to in paragraph 1 shall not be transmitted unless they are aggregated with other data in a form, which does not permit the direct or indirect identification of natural persons. Amendment 8 6 Proposal for a regulation Article 105 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States and the Commission shall take all necessary steps to ensure that the data collected and received within the framework of this Regulation shall be treated in a confidential manner and shall respect all rules on professional and commercial secrecy of data. 1. Member States and the Commission shall take all necessary steps to ensure that the data collected and received within the framework of this Regulation shall be treated in a confidential manner and shall respect all rules on professional and commercial secrecy of data , consistent with all applicable provisions laid down in Regulation (EC) No 45/2001 and Directive 95/46/EC . Amendment 8 7 Proposal for a regulation Article 105 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. Data communicated in the framework of this Regulation to persons working for competent authorities, courts, other public authorities and the Commission or the body designated by it, the disclosure of which would undermine: deleted a) the protection of the privacy and the integrity of the individual, in accordance with Community legislation regarding the protection of personal data, b) the commercial interests of a natural or legal person, including intellectual property, c) court proceedings and legal advice or d) the scope of inspections or investigations, shall be permitted only if it is necessary to bring about the cessation or prohibition of an infringement of the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy and the authority communicating the information consents