Answer given by Mr Dimas on behalf of the Commission (9 March 2005) The Commission has undertaken work on prevention of natural disasters and technological risks through different channels. First, the Commission promotes preparedness by financing projects through the Civil Protection Action Programme. Second, an extensive consultation process with all interested parties has been launched in 2003 on a working document prepared by the Commission. A questionnaire on hazard mapping was developed, distributed and the replies processed. Information on this process is available on the dedicated web site http://europa.eu.int/comm/environment/civil/prote/integrated_strategy_en.htm. While the Commission has never announced any framework directive on the subject, it will continue to consider the appropriateness of further initiatives in this field. When dealing with preventive/preparedness measures and emergency response, it is important to keep in mind the distinction between the internal (EU territory) and external (third countries) community action as there are different instruments that operate according to specific rules and procedures. The Community Civil Protection Mechanism operates both inside and outside the EU. It provides the framework for cooperation between the Member States in the field of civil protection. The Commission’s assessment is that the Mechanism needs to be further strengthened to enhance the impact and coordination of European civil protection assistance. Current efforts in the field of training and exercises must be further developed and, where necessary, intensified to improve preparedness and interoperability. The scenario-based assessment of capabilities needs to be taken forward quickly, with the full participation of all Member States, in order to identify both the available civil protection resources and the possible shortfalls in European civil protection assistance. The Commission is also studying the existing early warning systems in the EU in order to assess the need for further action and to establish closer links with the Mechanism. Funding is needed to cover transportation costs. On emergency response outside the EU, the Council conclusions of 7 January 2005 invite the Commission and the relevant services of the Council to examine the scope for further development of the rapid response capacity of the Union. The Commission has immediately started evaluating the organisational challenges highlighted by the response to the Tsunami crisis in South East Asia and is in the process of elaborating specific proposals. In addition to the Community Civil Protection Mechanism, the Commission has effective specialised mechanisms for the delivery of humanitarian assistance (ECHO). Both ECHO and the Mechanism have, in their