Reply (8 February 2010) The Honourable Member's attention is drawn to the fact that since 1999 the General Secretariat of the Council has drawn up monthly summaries of Council acts, which are available on the Internet Go to http://consilium.europa.eu; click on the heading ‘Documents’ then ‘Legislative Transparency’ then ‘Summary of Council acts’. . For each legislative act the Honourable Member can consult the applicable voting rules and the results of votes as well as, where relevant, explanations of voting and statements for the Council minutes. The Council does not keep statistics on the number of acts adopted according to type of procedure. Nevertheless, the Honourable Member's attention is drawn to the fact that each act mentions the legal basis on which it is founded, which also determines the procedure to be followed for its adoption. As for the matter of publication of legal acts in the Official Journal, Article 297 TFEU (ex Article 254 TEC) lists the acts the publication of which is mandatory. Pursuant to that Article all legislative acts and non-legislative acts adopted in the form of regulations and directives which are addressed to all Member States as well as decisions which do not specify to whom they are addressed must be published in the Official Journal The rules on the publication of acts adopted before 1 December 2009 under the Treaty on European Union and the Euratom Treaty are laid down in Article 254 TEC, which provides that regulations, directives and decisions adopted in accordance with the codecision procedure are published in the Official Journal, as are regulations of the Council and Commission, as well as directives of those institutions which are addressed to all Member States. Other directives, and decisions, are notified to those to whom they are addressed. . Non-legislative acts the publication of which is not provided for in Article 297 TFEU are notified to those to whom they are addressed in accordance with the third subparagraph of Article 297(2) TFEU. It ensues from Article 297 TFEU that only acts adopted according to a procedure other than the ordinary or special legislative procedure do not have to be published in the Official Journal. For the rules applicable to the publication of Council acts, the Honourable Member is invited to consult Article 17 of the Council's Rules of Procedure.