one decimal place. SECTION 4 First reference year, frequency and transmission deadlines 1. Statistics shall be compiled and transmitted on a yearly basis. 2. Statistics shall be transmitted within 21 months of the end of the reference year. 2a. In order to meet user needs for complete and timely datasets, the Commission (Eurostat) shall produce, as soon as sufficient country data becomes available, estimates for the EU-27 totals for the main aggregates of this module. The Commission (Eurostat) shall, wherever possible, produce and publish estimates for data that have not been transmitted by Member States within the deadline specified in point 2. 3. The first reference year is the year in which this Regulation enters into force. 4. In the first data transmission, Member States shall include annual data from 2008 to the first reference year. 5. In each subsequent data transmission to the Commission, Member States shall provide annual data for the years n-4, n-3, n-2, n-1 and n, where n is the reference year. SECTION 5 Reporting tables 1. For each of the characteristics referred to in Section 3, data shall be produced by a hierarchical classification of economic activities, NACE Rev.2 (A*64 aggregation level ▌), fully compatible with ESA-95. In addition, data shall be produced for: - Household air emissions; - Bridging items, by which is meant reporting items which clearly reconcile the differences between the air emissions accounts reported under this Regulation and those data reported in official national air emission inventories. 2. The hierarchical classification referred to in paragraph 1 is as follows: Air emissions by industry ‐ NACE Rev.2 (A*64) Household air emissions - Transport - Heating/cooling - Other Bridging items Total ▌air emission accounts (industry + households) Less national residents abroad - National fishing vessels operating abroad - Land transport - Water transport - Air transport Plus non-residents on the territory + Land transport + Water transport + Air transport (+ or -) Other adjustments and statistical discrepancies = Total emissions of pollutant X as reported to UNFCCC United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. /CLRTAP Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution. SECTION 6 Maximum duration of the transitional periods For the implementation of the provisions of this Annex, the maximum duration of the transitional period is two years, from the first transmission deadline . ANNEX II MODULE FOR ENVIRONMENTALLY RELATED TAXES BY ECONOMIC ACTIVITY SECTION 1 Objectives Statistics on environmentally related taxes