Answer given by Mr Nielson on behalf of the Commission (4 August 2003) The Community has allocated, in the framework of the 9th European Development Fund (EDF), development aid to Madagascar for a total amount of EUR 327 million for the period 2002-2007. Main sectors of intervention, agreed with the Madagascar Government, are transport, rural development and food security, macro-economic support and good governance, with particular attention to actions aimed at strengthening civil society by developing representation and legitimacy. EDF development aid is complemented by yearly contributions from the Community budget, particularly for food aid. 1. There is not an explicit policy on promoting renewable energy in the present country co-operation strategy. However in the past, some micro hydro-electrical plants have been financed. Besides, there are not initiatives in this specific sector at national level or promoted by other donors and windmills and solar energy would require substantial investments, which the target group is not able to sustain at this stage. 2. Reforestation is foreseen in the framework of the 9th EDF rural development programme in the context of watershed development interventions. In addition, in the context of the budget line Tropical Forests , community-based management of plantation forests is promoted. 3. Through its micro-projects/decentralised co-operation, the Commission has been funding housing for homeless people. 4. The Commission finances an integrated tourist/rural development programme for the Bemahara Park, which includes promoting local capacity of tourist guides and tourist services. Regarding employment, its generation is linked to the overall re-activation of the economy, which is supported by all the programmes foreseen by the 9th EDF development aid. Concerning EDF programmes and projects, the Madagascar Government presents detailed proposals to the Commission for approval and funding within the above-mentioned sectors agreed as part of the country strategy for the EDF. Concerning the European Investment Bank (EIB), Madagascar, as well as other African, Caribbean and Pacific States (ACP), will benefit from the new EUR 2,4 billion Investment facility recently launched. EIB intends to promote, through this instrument, the private sector and to fight poverty in the beneficiary countries.