concerned See Financial Regulation supra note 1 , article 110; See Commission Implementing Measures supra note 1 , article 166. . As soon as the Annual Working Programme is adopted, the preparation of the calls for proposals takes 30 days on average, whilst the answers are usually expected after a period of two months, after the publication of the calls for proposals. The evaluation of proposals depends on the number of answers received and it can take from a few days to more than 60 days when there is a large volume of responses. Once the grant agreements are signed, which takes a maximum of 30 days, the payment will be made as soon as the Commission receives the necessary information from the contractor". Regarding the future scenario for these actions, point 31 of the European Commission working document on its proposal for renewal of the Interinstitutional Agreement on budgetary discipline and improvement of the budgetary procedure Commission working document :proposal for renewal of the Interinstitutional Agreement on budgetary discipline and improvement of the budgetary procedure, COM(2004) 498 final. laid down the possibility of starting up policies through pilot projects and preparatory actions. Regarding these actions the aforementioned Commission working document proposes the establishment of a calendar for the procedure to create or maintain a pilot project or a preparatory action as follows: "Both arms of the budgetary authority inform the Commission by mid June of their intentions in this field, so that a first discussion may already take place at the conciliation meeting of the Council's first reading" See Commission working document supra note 6 , Anenex II (D) par1 . The European Commission also suggest in its working document to increase the maximum amounts for both actions: 38 million euro for pilot projects, 36 million euro for new preparatory actions in any budget year, and 90 million euro for the total amount of appropriations actually committed for preparatory actions See Commission working document supra note 6 , Anenex II (D) par2. It should be pointed out that the Commission has calculated these figures on the basis of current IIA figures which have been adjusted to 2004 prices and to a 10% increase to cater for the effect of enlargement. . 2. 2006 BUDGETARY PROCEDURE The European Parliament should, in line with its APS resolution European Parliament resolution on the 2006 budget: the Commission's Annual Policy Strategy report (APS