it would potentially have been relevant. This has resulted in inequalities of treatment and supervision between pension funds, depending on whether or not they are covered by it. The financial and economic crisis has made it clear how important it is to supervise pension funds at EU level. In this connection, an investigation of the cover and effectiveness of the Solvency I and II Directives would be desirable. The rapporteur strongly believes that such an examination of the three directives concerned should not be seen in isolation from responses to the Green Paper. IV. A changing labour market A balance between flexibility and security on the labour market supports the adaptability of the economy and strengthens the European social model. On the current-day labour market, people must be able to move between jobs easily and without facing financial obstacles. Employers must be able to appoint the right person with the right skills. This also makes it necessary to modernise pension systems in order to eliminate obstacles to mobility on the labour market. Incidentally, the labour market should also be flexible for pensioners. As the labour market becomes more flexible and the number of women on it increases, the calculations made in pension systems, which are based on men with complete careers and average incomes, are out of date, so that modernisation is needed here too. This is particularly true from the point of view that citizens have a right to accurate information about their pensions and the cost of the pension system (especially the first pillar). Flexicurity schemes play an essential role in extending working life. People must be encouraged to prolong their careers, for example by modernising labour market policy and improving working conditions. At European, national and local level, policies must be geared to ageing actively. V. Equal opportunities The Green Paper does not devote any specific attention to equality between men and women. It is more common for women to work on atypical contracts than for men. On average, women earn less than men and interrupt their careers more often in order to act as carers. Consequently, their pensions are often smaller, which increases the risk of poverty for older women, as does the fact that they live longer (although the disparity between the sexes is declining). In some pay-as-you-go systems, caring periods are included in the contribution. However, this is not the case in supplementary pension