points 2.2 and 2.4 and the future security arrangements referred to in point 4.1, access and the arrangements designed to preserve the confidentiality of the information shall be laid down by common accord before the information is forwarded. That accord between the Member of the Commission with responsibility for the policy area involved and the parliamentary body (represented by its chair)/office-holder who submitted the request, shall provide for the selection of one of the options set out in points 3.2.1 and 3.2.2 in order to ensure the appropriate level of confidentiality. 3.2.1. Regarding the addressees of confidential information, provision should be made for one of the following options: - information intended for the President of Parliament alone, in instances justified on absolutely exceptional grounds; - the Bureau and/or the Conference of Presidents; - the chair and rapporteur of the relevant parliamentary committee; - all members (full and substitute) of the relevant parliamentary committee; - all Members of the European Parliament. The confidential information in question may not be published or forwarded to any other addressee without the consent of the Commission. 3.2.2. Regarding the arrangements for the handling of confidential information, provision should be made for the following options: (a) examination of documents in a secure reading room if the information is classified as “CONFIDENTIEL UE” and above; (b) holding the meeting in camera, attended only by the members of the Bureau, the members of the Conference of Presidents or full members and substitute members of the competent parliamentary committee as well as by Parliament officials and those Parliament employees working for political groups who have been designated in advance by the chair as having a need to know and whose presence is strictly necessary, provided they have been given the required level of security clearance, taking into account the following conditions: - any documents may be numbered, distributed at the beginning of the meeting and collected again at the end. No notes of those documents and no photocopies thereof may be taken; - the minutes of the meeting shall make no mention of the discussion of the item taken under the confidential procedure. Before transmission, all personal data may be expunged from the documents. Confidential information provided orally to recipients in Parliament shall be subject to the equivalent level of protection as that accorded to confidential information provided in written form. This may include a solemn declaration by recipients