need to treat non-aggregated information as commercially confidential; d) the publication of appropriate information by transmission and distribution system operators concerning interconnectors, grid usage and capacity allocation to interested parties, taking into account the need to treat non-aggregated information as commercially confidential; e) the effective unbundling of accounts as referred to in Article 17, to ensure there are no cross-subsidies between transmission and distribution, storage, LNG and supply activities; e) the effective unbundling of accounts as referred to in Article 17, to ensure there are no cross-subsidies between transmission and distribution, storage, LNG and supply activities; f) the access conditions to storage linepack and to other ancillary services as provided for in Article 19. f) the access conditions to storage linepack and to other ancillary services as provided for in Article 19. f (a) the level of transparency and competition. f (b) the extent to which transmission and distribution system operators are fulfilling their tasks as in accordance with Articles 8 and 12. Justification The Council text implies that the power of the regulatory authorities could be restricted to monitoring only. This amendment ensures that regulatory authorities shall have a responsibility to ensure competition, in addition to monitoring the market. The level of transparency and competition are important indicators, to show whether the measures implemented as a result of this directive are effective. The regulatory authorities must ensure that network operators perform the tasks assigned to them in this directive. The regulatory authority has the duty to uphold competition. It may not be dependent on industry nor may it be an instrument of government. This amends the new Council text that was not included in the proposal submitted to Parliament for the first reading. Amendment 17 Article 25, paragraph 2, sub-paragraph a (a) connection and access to national networks, including transmission and distribution tariffs, and terms, conditions and tariffs for access to LNG facilities; (a) connection and access to national networks, including transmission and distribution tariffs, and terms, conditions and tariffs for access to LNG facilities , which should be set at a level such that the system operators are able to make the necessary investments to ensure the viability of the networks ; Justification It is extremely important to set tariffs at such a level that operators can make investments to ensure that the stability of networks is guaranteed. Amendment 18 Article 25, paragraph 11 a (new) 11a. Member