Answer given by Mrs Wallström on behalf of the Commission (19 March 2002) The Commission is aware of the study reported in the New Scientist of 24 November 2001 concerning the spread of pollen and seed of genetically modified oilseed rape that is currently taking place in Canada. Genetically modified rapeseeds have been approved for breeding activities and import in the Community under Council Directive 90/220/EEC of 23 April 1990 on the deliberate release into the environment of genetically modified organisms (GMOs) OJ L 117, 8.5.1990 . . The authorisations granted under this Directive continues to remain in force after 17 October 2002 when the new Directive 2001/18/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 12 March 2001 on the deliberate release into the environment of GMOs has to be transposed into national legislation. As provisions concerning potential effects resulting from gene transfer are already an integral part of Directive 2001/18/EC , the Commission finds that a possible amendment of this Directive to address these new findings would not be appropriate. The overall objective of Directive 2001/18/EC is to protect human health and the environment, following the deliberate release of GMOs into the environment. As part of this objective, Member States and where appropriate the Commission shall ensure that potential adverse effects on human health and the environment, which may occur directly or indirectly through gene transfer from GMOs to other organisms, are accurately assessed on a case-by-case basis. In this context, the principles for risk assessment under the Directive include the potential for gene transfer to the same or other sexually compatible plant species under conditions of planting the GMO and any selective advantage or disadvantage conferred to those plant species. Furthermore, information required in the risk assessment includes appraisal of the ways and extent of dissemination (e.g. an estimation of how viable pollen and/or seeds declines with distance) and any specific factors affecting dissemination, if any. The presence of sexually compatible wild relatives or cultivated plant species and proximity to officially recognised biotopes or protected areas that may be affected must also be considered. In terms of information on control and monitoring, details should be provided for any precautions taken in terms of distance(s) from sexually compatible plant species, both wild relatives and crops as well as any measures to minimise/prevent dispersal of any reproductive organ of the genetically modified higher plants (e.g. pollen, seeds, tuber). Against