Amendment 34 Council position Article 5 – paragraph 1 Council position Amendment 1. Member States shall adopt appropriate measures to minimise the disposal of WEEE in the form of unsorted municipal waste and to achieve a high level of separate collection of WEEE, notably, and as a matter of priority, for temperature exchange equipment containing ozone-depleting substances and fluorinated greenhouse gases and for fluorescent lamps containing mercury. 1. To achieve a high level of separate collection of WEEE and correct treatment for all types of WEEE , notably, and as a matter of priority, for temperature exchange equipment containing ozone-depleting substances and fluorinated greenhouse gases , for lamps containing mercury , for photovoltaic modules and for small appliances, including small IT and telecommunications devices, Member States shall ensure that all WEEE is separately collected and not mixed with bulky or unsorted household waste . Justification All WEEE must be collected separately: it is not sufficient merely to achieve a high rate of such collection. Priority should be assigned to collecting not only cooling and freezing equipment but also all lamps which contain mercury and photovoltaic modules and small appliances. The latter often contain hazardous substances and also valuable secondary raw materials, and are regrettably often disposed of with household waste, although this is not permitted. Photovoltaic modules should likewise be collected separately as a matter of priority because of the hazardous substances and valuable secondary raw materials which some of them contain. Amendment 35 Council position Article 6 – paragraph 2 – subparagraph 2 Council position Amendment For this purpose, Member States may require that collection schemes or facilities, as appropriate, provide for the separation at the collection points of WEEE that is to be prepared for re-use from other separately collected WEEE. In order to maximise re - use of whole appliances, Member States shall also ensure that , prior to any further shipment, collection schemes provide for the separation at the collection points of WEEE that is to be prepared for re-use from other separately collected WEEE. Justification It is necessary for re-usable appliances to be collected separately so that the waste hierarchy can also be applied under this specific directive, and this is linked to a separate re-use rate referred to in Article 11. Only if it is compulsory for re-usable appliances to be separated from other old appliances at the earliest possible stage will effective re-use