be included at the request of its author, on the agenda for the next meeting of the committee responsible with the President of the European Central Bank. CHAPTER 4 REPORTS OF OTHER INSTITUTIONS Rule 119 Annual and other reports of other institutions 1. Annual and other reports of other institutions on which the Treaties provide for consultation of the European Parliament or other legal provisions require an opinion by the European Parliament shall be dealt with in a report submitted to the plenary. 2. Annual and other reports of other institutions not covered by paragraph 1 shall be referred to the committee responsible, which may propose drawing up a report under Rule 48. CHAPTER 5 RESOLUTIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS Rule 120 Motions for resolutions 1. Any Member may table a motion for a resolution on a matter falling within the spheres of activity of the European Union. The motion may not comprise more than 200 words. 2. The committee responsible shall decide what procedure is to be adopted. It may combine the motion for a resolution with other motions for resolutions or reports. It may adopt an opinion, which may take the form of a letter. It may decide to draw up a report under Rule 48. 3. The authors of a motion for a resolution shall be informed of the decisions of the committee and of the Conference of Presidents. 4. The report shall contain the text of the motion for a resolution. 5. Opinions in the form of a letter addressed to other institutions of the European Union shall be forwarded by the President. 6. The author or authors of a motion for a resolution tabled under Rule 110(2), 115(5) or 122(2) shall be entitled to withdraw it before the final vote. 7. A motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with paragraph 1 may be withdrawn by its author, authors or first signatory before the committee responsible has decided, in accordance with paragraph 2, to draw up a report on it. Once the motion has been thus taken over by the committee, only the committee shall be empowered to withdraw it up until the opening of the final vote. 8. A withdrawn motion for a resolution may be taken over and retabled immediately by a group, a committee or the same number of Members as is entitled to table it. Committees have a duty to ensure that motions