the directive. Amendment 69 Council position Article 23 Council position Amendment 1. Member States shall carry out appropriate inspections and monitoring to verify the proper implementation of this Directive. 1. Member States shall carry out appropriate inspections and monitoring to verify the proper implementation of this Directive. Those inspections shall at least cover shipments, in particular exports of WEEE outside the Union in compliance with applicable Union legislation and the operations at treatment facilities in accordance with Directive 2008/98/EC and Annex VII of this Directive. Those inspections shall at least cover the reported quantities of EEE placed on the market, in order to check the amount of the financial guarantees required under Article 12(2); shipments, in particular exports of WEEE outside the Union in compliance with Regulation (EC) No 1013/2006 and Regulation (EC) No 1418/2007; and the operations at treatment facilities in accordance with Directive 2008/98/EC and Annex VII of this Directive. 2. Member States shall ensure that shipments of used EEE suspected to be WEEE are carried out in accordance with the minimum requirements in Annex VI and shall monitor such shipments accordingly. 2. Member States shall ensure that shipments of used EEE are carried out in accordance with the minimum requirements in Annex VI and shall monitor such shipments accordingly. 3. The costs of appropriate analyses and inspections, including storage costs, of used EEE suspected to be WEEE may be charged to the producers, to third parties acting on their behalf or to other persons arranging the shipment of used EEE suspected to be WEEE . 3. The usual costs of appropriate analyses and inspections, including storage costs, of used EEE may be charged to the producers, to third parties acting on their behalf or to other persons arranging the shipment of used EEE. 4. In order to ensure uniform conditions for the implementation of this Article and of Annex VI, the Commission may, by means of implementing acts, establish additional rules on inspections and monitoring and in particular uniform conditions for the implementation of Annex VI, point 2. Those implementing acts shall be adopted in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 21(2). 4. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts, in accordance with Article 20, with regard to the establishment of additional rules on inspections and monitoring and in particular uniform conditions for the implementation of Annex VI, point 2. Amendment 70