4 SECOND READING Committee stage Rule 61 Communication of the Council's position 1. Communication of the Council's position pursuant to Article 294 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union takes place when it is announced by the President in Parliament. The President shall make the announcement after receiving the documents which contain the position itself, all declarations made in the Council minutes when it adopted the position, the reasons which led the Council to adopt its position, and the Commission's position, duly translated into the official languages of the European Union. The President's announcement shall be made during the part-session following the receipt of such documents. Before making the announcement, the President establishes, after consulting the Chair of the committee responsible and/or the rapporteur, that the text received is indeed a Council's first reading position and that the circumstances described in Rule 59 do not apply. Failing this, the President, together with the committee responsible and, where possible, in agreement with the Council, seeks an appropriate solution. 2. A list of such communications shall be published in the minutes of the sitting together with the name of the committee responsible. Rule 62 Extension of time limits 1. The President shall, at the request of the Chair of the committee responsible in the case of time-limits for second reading, or at the request of Parliament's conciliation delegation in the case of time-limits for conciliation, extend the limits in question in accordance with Article 294(14) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 2. The President shall notify Parliament of any extension of time limits under Article 294(14) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, whether on the initiative of Parliament or of the Council. Rule 63 Referral to and procedure in the committee responsible 1. On the day of its communication to Parliament pursuant to Rule 61(1), the Council's position shall be deemed to have been referred automatically to the committee responsible and to the committees asked for their opinion at first reading. 2. The Council's position shall be entered as the first item on the agenda of the first meeting of the committee responsible following the date of its communication. The Council may be invited to present its position. 3. Unless otherwise decided, the rapporteur at second reading shall be the same as at first reading. 4. The provisions for Parliament's second