children; 22. Considers that curricula, and their content, must be continually updated in order to remain relevant, enhancing the important role of entrepreneurial skills and volunteering in order to support personal development, and stresses that all Member States must attach greater importance to teacher training and provide more resources for it if they are to make significant progress in achieving the Lisbon Strategy targets in the work programme 'Education and training 2010' and promote lifelong learning within the European Union; 23. Is convinced that children should learn a second foreign language as early as possible; 24. Strongly encourages the learning of foreign languages from an early age and the inclusion of foreign-language teaching in all primary school curricula; stresses that, if this goal is to be achieved, sufficient resources must be made available to recruit and train foreign-language teachers; 25. Considers that the development of personal talents, specific capacities and natural abilities of students has to be a major goal at this stage of education; points out that these capacities may provide the basis for work and employment later on; 26. Stresses that special attention ought to be paid to those students who have not acquired or are not acquiring basic skills, as well as to exceptionally talented students so that they can maximise the development of their above-average abilities and talents; 27. Recommends that Member States substantially improve the quality of teachers' academic and professional qualifications, and their training and lifelong learning; 28. Strongly supports the promotion of continuous and coherent professional development for teachers throughout their careers; takes the view that all teachers should have regular opportunities to improve and update their skills and qualifications, as well as their pedagogical knowledge; 29. Proposes that Union citizenship programmes that will educate a new generation in the spirit of Union values in areas such as human rights, multiculturalism, tolerance, the environment, climate change should be introduced into curricula as soon as possible; Vocational education and training (VET) 30. Notes that both the quality and attractiveness of VET must be enhanced; 31. Points out that VET ought to be better linked and more coherently integrated into both European and national economies in order to tailor better the educational process to the labour market; 32. Insists that mobility (not only geographical but also mobility between VET and higher education) of students and teachers be significantly enhanced; Higher education 33. Considers that university