Answer given by Mr Kallas on behalf of the Commission (10 November 2010) The Commission shares the concerns of the Honourable Member regarding the high risk of driving under the influence of alcohol and other psychoactive substances. In 1988 the Commission proposed a directive harmonising legal blood alcohol content (BAC) levels for drivers. After 13 years of discussion with the Council and Parliament, which never approved the proposal, the Commission published in 2001 a Recommendation (2001/116/EC of 17 January 2001) Commission recommendation of 17 January 2001 on the maximum permitted blood alcohol content (BAC) for drivers of motorised vehicles — OJ C 49, 15.2.2001, p. 7. on the maximum permitted blood alcohol content (BAC) for drivers of motorised vehicles. A major research project (DRUID — Driving under the influence of Drugs, Alcohol and Medicines) has been launched in 2006 by the Commission under the 7th Research Framework Programme. Its final results are expected for the end of 2011 and will deeply contribute to the implementation of science-based policy measures in the field. Moreover in its road safety policy orientations for 2011‑20 COM(2010)389 final, 20.7.2010. the Commission has included the fight against drink-driving as one of the priority field of action. Measures that the Commission intends to promote in order to implement these policy orientations, through exchange of experiences and best practices or legislation where appropriate include use of advanced technologies, such as alcohol interlock systems, innovative rehabilitation courses and stronger enforcement. The available European road safety data and knowledge base have been integrated and made publicly available on the Internet through the European Road Safety Observatory (ERSO) ERSO (the European Road Safety Observatory) has been first developed as a pilot stage during the period 20‑08 within the RTD project SafetyNet. Since then, the content of ERSO has been integrated into the ‘Europa’ Commission Road Safety website. . Such an integrated tool is essential for monitoring the application of road safety policies, evaluating their impact and devising new initiatives. The Commission will therefore pursue the further development of ERSO, including actions on communication and on information of citizens on road safety issues. Regarding differences in the legislation in force in the various Member States and the confusion such differences could engender in citizens travelling abroad the Commission has developed a website dedicated to road safety with a specific page on ‘going abroad’ with a synopsis of traffic rules in all EU