for technical reasons, or payload restrictions (i.e. the inability to use all the aircraft’s seats) for reasons such as adverse weather, the large increases would serve no purpose. Note that legislation in USA provides for compensation only in the event of deliberate overbooking. The Commission has failed to evaluate the impact of removing the limit to compensation in the existing regulation. As fares on Europe’s regional airlines, many of which are SMEs, average EUR 150, and many are as low as EUR 50, removal of the limit has a major economic impact. The Commission is obliged to perform an economic impact assessment for SMEs before making such a proposal. The proposed levels are three times the existing levels for medium and long haul flights. This allows for a 50% inflationary increase, and a doubling of compensation when involuntary denied boarding is caused by deliberate overbooking. Amendment 24 Article 7, paragraph 2 2. When passengers accept re-routing to their final destination on an alternative flight pursuant to Article 8, the arrival time of which does not exceed the scheduled arrival time of the flight originally booked by two hours for flights of less than 3,500 kilometres, and by four hours for flights of 3,500 kilometres or more, an air carrier or tour operator may reduce the compensation provided for in paragraph 1 by 50%. 2. When passengers accept re-routing to their final destination on an alternative flight pursuant to Article 8, the arrival time of which does not exceed the scheduled arrival time of the flight originally booked by two hours for flights of less than 1,000 kilometres , by three hours for flights of between 1,000 and 3,500 kilometres, or by four hours for flights of over 3,500 kilometres, an air carrier may reduce the compensation provided for in paragraph 1 by 50%. For distances over 1000 km, if the arrival time of the alternative flight does not exceed the scheduled arrival time by more than one hour, there will be no right for compensation. Justification This change is necessary to be in keeping with the time : distance ratio. In addition, remove all reference to ‘tour operators’ and ‘package travel’. Amendment 25 Article 8, paragraph 1, excluding last subparagraph 1. In the case of denied boarding passengers shall be offered the choice between: 1. In the case of denied boarding passengers shall be offered the choice between: (a) reimbursement