support within the sector for the processing of fisheries products in the most remote regions, in particular aid for olive oil used for tuna canning; 16. Calls on the Commission to recognise the specific nature of inshore and traditional fishing in the CFP, and to determine how far the existing instruments are suitable for responding to the sector's needs, adapting them accordingly; 17. Recognises the existence in current EU legislation of certain provisions dealing specifically with the management and structural improvement of the inshore fisheries sector; 18. Believes that it is appropriate for the new EFF to finance the provision of fuel-efficient engines and environmentally friendly fishing gear and improvements in on-board working conditions for inshore fisheries, provided that this does not lead to an increase in capacity; 19. Calls on the Commission to finance the modernisation of inshore fishery vessels; 20. Therefore calls on the Commission to consider a new Community initiative for this important sector of activity; 21. Further calls on the Commission, in this context, to ensure that specific and adequate finances are made available, so as to permit the proper implementation of any new policies; 22. Underlines that coastal management plans (CMPs), where they are established in a few Member States, have had positive effects on the sector, and consequently believes that CMPs should constitute an important element of any new EU initiative; 23. Points out that, currently, vocational training geared towards the sector in the Member States is either totally inadequate or non-existent; 24. Points to the need for the immediate establishment of a training programme covering safety at work in the fishing industry, protection of the marine environment, protection of resources, protection of the sea and inshore zones, catch quality and marketing and management in the fish processing sector; 25. Affirms that appropriate and specific education and training are essential if young persons in our coastal regions are to be encouraged to perpetuate coastal fishing activities and traditions; 26. Therefore calls on the Commission to bring forward specific educational and training programmes for the inshore fishery sector, notably so as to encourage the entry of young professionals into the sector, and to provide adequate funding in order to ensure the full implementation and success of those programmes; 27. Further requests, in this context, that the necessary publicity be given to the action taken, so as to ensure that comprehensive information on training opportunities is