50th Anniversary of the Rome Treaties Be a Parliamentarian for the day´ OPEN DAY AT THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT, Brussels, Saturday, 5 May 2007 PROGRAMME 10:00 Opening of the European Parliament's buildings to the public. Entrance of the Paul-Henri Spaak building (rue Wiertz). 11:30 Official inauguration of the Open Day (Place du Luxembourg). Vice President of the European Parliament, Ms. Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou and M. Harald Rømer, Secretary General of the European Parliament will sign a giant copy of the Treaty of Rome and will inaugurate the visual timeline "50 years of the European Union". At approx. 12.00h, Ms. Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou will welcome Her Majesty Queen Paola of Belgium as part of a visit to the principal EU institutions on the occasion of the Open Day. 18:00 Closing of the European Parliament's buildings to the public ACTIVITIES IN THE EP BUILDINGS Paul-Henri Spaak building, rue Wiertz Stands of political groups, Parliament services, several European associations, Brussels communities, cultural organisations... Debates with Members of the European Parliament in the EP Hemicycle (3rd floor) : 10.15 Welcome by Mr. Harald Rømer, Secretary General of the European Parliament. 10:15 - 11: 45 "50th Anniversary of the signature of Rome: outcome of the Community experience, place of Europe in the world, future perspectives". Organised by the Brussels Information Office of the EP in cooperation with the Belgian Europe Direct network. 14:00 - 15:30 "Europe´s future for the coming 50 years". Organised by the Visits and Seminars Service of the European Parliament. 15:45 - 17:45 "Climate change and energy policies of the European Union". Organised by the Visits and Seminars Service of the European Parliament. Exhibition : • "Faces of Europe" by ARTE/Riff Production in 27 places throughout the Parliament buildings. Video-clip shown in room 3C50 (3rd floor). Concerts and dance , 1st floor, Espace Menuhin Altiero Spinelli building, rue Wiertz Stands of political groups, Parliament services, several European associations, Brussels communities, cultural organisations... Exhibition : • " Interior Views: Photographic Explorations of the European Parliament" by the Goethe Institute (2nd floor gateway/passerelle). Debates : 11:00-13:30 " 50 years - time for others' views ". 1st floor - room 1G3. Organised by the Permanent Representation of Belgium to the European Union in cooperation with the Brussels Information Office of the EP. 14:00-16:30 Competition between Schools . 1st floor - room 1G2. Organised by the European Movement Belgium branch in cooperation with the Brussels Information Office ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE OF