family members join him. The Member States may require the applicant to have stayed lawfully in their territory for a continuous period not exceeding one year , before having his family members join him. Justification A period of two years is excessive and should be reduced to a maximum of one year, with the aim of facilitating as swift an integration as possible. The waiting period must not exceed one year, otherwise the right to family reunification will in effect be meaningless. This measure should not be applied to refugees or to persons enjoying a subsidiary form of protection, who should be entitled to more favourable conditions than those applicable to the other categories of third-country national. It is important to stress that the applicant should have stayed lawfully and for a continuous period in the Member State, as it states in the English translation but not in the Danish or other translations, but one year's lawful residence should be sufficient. Amendment 48 Article 8, paragraph 2 By way of derogation, where the legislation of a Member State relating to family reunification in force on the date of adoption of this Directive has regard for its reception capacity, the Member State may provide for a waiting period of no more than three years between submission of the application for family reunification and the issue of a residenc e permit to the family members. Deleted Justification This derogation should be deleted in order to avoid the Member States adopting or maintaining provisions which afford differing solutions to identical cases. Amendment 49 Article 9, title Article 9 Article 9 Scope Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 50 Article 10, title Article 10 Article 10 Family members Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 51 Article 11, title Article 11 Article 11 Submission and examination of the application Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 52 Article 12, title Article 12 Article 12 Requirements concerning accommodation, sickness insurance, financial resources and length of residence Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 53 Article 13, title Article 13 Article 13 General provisions concerning residence documents Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 54 Article 13, paragraph 1 1. As soon as the application for family reunification has been accepted, the Member State concerned