Answer given by Mr Verheugen on behalf of the Commission (18 November 2009) The Commission agrees that carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) and pollutant emissions assessed at type approval by the New European Driving Cycle (NEDC) do not completely reflect real driving emissions. The latter depend on a number of parameters, such as driver behaviour, road and ambient conditions, which are not under the control of the vehicle manufacturer. Furthermore, the NEDC does not measure any CO 2 emissions generated by the use of energy consuming auxiliary devices (i.e. which are not needed for the operation of the vehicle), such as mobile air conditioning (MAC). Nevertheless the NEDC allows an inter-comparision of CO 2 emissions of different vehicles. Against this background, Regulation 443/2009/EC on emission performance standards for new passenger cars Regulation (EC) No 443/2009 of the Parliament and of the Council of 23 April 2009 setting emission performance standards for new passenger cars as part of the Community's integrated approach to reduce CO2 emissions from light-duty vehicles, OJ L 140, 5.6.2009. requires the revision of the type approval emission test procedures for passenger cars by 2014 to adequately reflect the real CO 2 emissions behaviour of cars. Moreover, as a result, the Commission Communication 2008/C 182/08 of 19 July 2008 states that ‘This review may contribute to the discussions at the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) of developing a globally harmonised test cycle for light duty vehicles; however, it is not conditional on the progress made at UNECE level. Consideration may also be given to the introduction of an off-cycle emissions requirement to supplement the standardised test procedure’. Consequently and in line with the Cars 21 midterm review on real life emissions, the Commission is active in the ‘Worldwide Light duty Test Procedure (WLTP)’ group at UNECE. It should be noted that such action at international level does not limit complementary work within the EU in this respect, which is carried on in parallel. The final test procedures should thus reliably assess real driving emissions as well as emissions from the use of MAC. The Commission will report on a regular basis to the Parliament on the progress of the developments for a new European Driving cycles in particular through the annual reporting transmitted to Parliament on technical harmonisation in the car sector.