them under this Framework Decision. On the basis of a report established on the basis of this information and a written report by the Commission, the Council shall, by [...] , assess the extent to which Member States have taken the necessary measures in order to comply with this Framework Decision. 2. By the same date Member States shall transmit to the General Secretariat of the Council and to the Commission the text of the provisions transposing into their national law the obligations imposed on them under this Framework Decision. On the basis of a report established on the basis of this information and a written report by the Commission, the Council shall, by 30 June 2003 , assess the extent to which Member States have taken the necessary measures in order to comply with this Framework Decision. Justification The reasons set out in the Justification to the above amendment also apply to this amendment. Amendment 17 Annex I, section 2.4 2.4. Language(s) in which it is possible to communicate with the issuing authority 2.4.1. □ German 2.4.2. □ English 2.4.3. □ etc. 2.4. Language(s) in which it is possible to communicate with the issuing authority Justification Any EU official language may be selected, for which reason there is no need to specify any particular one. Amendment 18 Annex I, section 3 3. Offence(s) concerning which the freezing order has been made: 3.1. □ illicit trafficking in narcotic drugs 3.2. □ fraud affecting the European Communities' financial interests 3.3. □ laundering of the proceeds of crime 3. Offence(s) concerning which the freezing order has been made: Justification The current list is that contained in the text of the original initiative published in OJ C 75, 7.3. 2001, page 3. It should be left blank so that any type of offence can be entered. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT I. INTRODUCTION The European Union currently comprises 15 national legal systems which in certain respects differ significantly. This state of affairs leads to problems of all kinds whenever judicial proceedings involve more than one Member State. The variety of procedures and languages used is also a constant source of delay in the forwarding of documents from one court to another, if those courts are not located within the same Member State. Not until a single market without internal frontiers had been set up and brought into operation did the inescapable need to create a European