the measures in place. 2. The Agency shall provide the Member States and the Commission with the technical and scientific assistance needed and with a high level of expertise, in order to help them to apply the Union legislation properly with a view to ensuring a high, uniform and efficient level of maritime safety and security, using their existing capabilities for assistance, preventing and tackling marine pollution, including from offshore oil and gas installations, developing a European maritime space without barriers, to monitor its implementation and to evaluate the effectiveness of the measures in place. Justification Speaking of "marine pollution" corresponds to the Commission's proposal for Article 1 paragraph 3 (concerning response to pollution). Amendment 30 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 2 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. In order to ensure that the objectives set out in Article 1 are met in the appropriate manner, the Agency shall perform the tasks listed in paragraph 2 of this Article in the fields of maritime safety and maritime security, the prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. 1. The objectives set out in Article 1 represent the primary responsibilities of the A gency and must be met as a priority. The attribution to the Agency of the tasks listed in paragraph 2 of this Article shall avoid duplication of efforts and be subject to the proper performance of the tasks relating to maritime safety and maritime security, the prevention of and response to marine pollution at the request of the Member States or the Commission. Justification The diversification of the Agency’s activities should come into play only once it has succeeded in performing its priority tasks properly. The amendment concerning prevention of pollution aligns with Commission proposal for Article 1 paragraph 3 and would enable the Agency to contribute to the prevention of pollution from maritime sources other than vessels (notably oil and gas rigs). Amendment 31 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 2 – paragraph 2 – point b a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (ba) in the provision of technical assistance to the Commission in the performance of the monitoring tasks assigned to it pursuant to Article 13(2) of Directive (EC) No 65/2005 of the European Parliament and the Council 1 ;