technical methods of operation of the system of interconnection of registers as regards the distribution and exchange of information, and the specification defining the information technology services, provided by the platform, ensuring the delivery of messages in the appropriate language version; (j) the harmonised criteria for the search service provided by the portal; (k) the modalities of payments, taking into account available payment facilities such as online payments; (l) the details of the explanatory labels listing the particulars and the types of documents referred to in Article 2; (m) the technical conditions of availability of services provided by the system of interconnection of registers; (n) the procedure and technical requirements for the connection of the optional access points to the platform. Those implementing acts shall be adopted in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 4e. The Commission shall adopt those implementing acts by [xxx] at the latest + Three years following the entry into force of this Directive. . Article 4d 1. The establishment and future development of the platform and the adjustments to the portal resulting from this Directive shall be financed from the general budget of the Union. 2. The maintenance and functioning of the platform shall be financed from the general budget of the Union and may be co-financed by fees for access to the system of interconnection of registers charged to its individual users. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect fees at the national level. 3. By means of delegated acts and in accordance with Article 13a, the Commission may adopt rules on whether to co-finance the platform by charging fees, and, in that case, the amount of the fees charged to individual users as referred to in paragraph 2. 4. Any fees imposed in accordance with paragraph 2 shall be without prejudice to the fees, if any, charged by Member States for obtaining documents and particulars as referred to in Article 3c(1) of this directive. 5. Any fees imposed in accordance with paragraph 2 shall not be charged for obtaining the particulars referred to in points (a), (b) and (c) of Article 3c(2). Each Member State shall bear the costs of adjusting its domestic registers, as well as their maintenance and functioning costs resulting from this Directive. Article 4e The Commission shall be assisted by a committee. That committee shall be a committee within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 of