have instead increased considerably to take up the liberated amount. Policy Area 21 - Development and relations with ACP states 15. At first sight the proposed overall reduction of -1.8 % or -EUR 18.5 million might seem difficult if not impossible to explain in a climate of humanitarian, food and disease crises around the globe in so many developing countries. However, a more detailed look reveals that very few lines account for the variance. First of all, two co-decided programmes were over-provisioned in the past years compared to the financial framework of the legislated act. This concerns Aid for poverty-related diseases and Decentralised cooperation. These two programmes had to be considerably reduced in the PDB so that the Commission could respect the overall amount for the duration of the legal base. (This was a horizontal approach taken by the Commission for all co-decided programmes) For the decentralised cooperation programmes it would in fact mean that no new commitments would be entered for the last year of 2006. 16. Food Aid receives a boost and is increased by + EUR 30 million and Co-financing with NGOs sees a minor decrease of EUR 3 million, down to EUR 197 million compared to 200 million in Budget 2005. 17. The Commission underlines in its PDB the fact that the Community has promised (where and how?) to assist ACP countries to cope with sugar reform if necessary and that this could bring a further financing need of EUR 40 million under heading 4. This is currently not included in the PDB. Obviously, if this would be suggested during the procedure, the difficult situation with the margin would become even worse. 18. The pilot project on support for poverty-related diseases other than HIV/AIDS and malaria (10 million in 2005) is not being retained in the Commission's PDB. The rapporteur will also evaluate any other pilot projects under this heading. Policy Area 23 - Humanitarian Aid 19. This policy area has seen considerable increases in both the 2004 and 2005 procedures (+ 48.3 million or + 11%). The appropriations now suggested for 2006 are slightly higher again and increase to a level of EUR 500 million compared to EUR 490 million this year. The Emergency aid reserve under heading 6 of the financial perspective is endowed with EUR 229 million in addition to this. Heading 5 - Aspects related to the Commission Human resources and other