their regular activity into pollution response mode in case of emergency. The Commission proposal would make clear that such vessels could also be used to combat pollution other sources, including oil rigs. Norway and Iceland are the only third countries who participate in EMSA. The Commission recommends extending the possibility of technical assistance to accession countries, European Neighbourhood partners and countries taking part in the Paris Memorandum of Understanding (MoU). Parliament's previous positions Parliament has already established a position on a number of the possible additional tasks for EMSA: 路 the de Grandes Pascual report on ship source pollution and on the introduction of penalties for infringements emphasised the need for Member States to ensure that ship-source pollution was effectively deterred; 路 the Wortmann-Kool Report on ship-source pollution called for a Commission proposal to establish a common European Coastguard; 路 the Sterckx Report on ship reporting formalities said that "the achievement of a European maritime transport space without barriers called for close cooperation [...] in the fields of customs services, public health and transport." It also suggested that the Commission should consider how far SafeSeaNet could be integrated with the River Information System; 路 the Meissner Report on an Integrated Maritime Policy urged the Commission to extend EMSA's mandate on safety inspections of offshore installations and the cleaning up of oil spills. It also considered "that there is great potential for involving EMSA more fully in monitoring coastal areas and for providing Member States with more support in tracing marine pollution". Parliament's Resolution of 7.10.2010 said EMSA's mandate "should be extended from vessels to offshore installations; calls for the conferral of any such new tasks to be reflected in the EMSA's budget and staff numbers". Council's previous positions Similarly Council has already adopted various relevant conclusions, particularly on 2-3 December 2010 when it invited the Commission to evaluate "how best use can be made of existing EU civil protection, emergency response and marine safety instruments/capacities also in the offshore oil & gas sector". During the same meeting, Transport Ministers called for full integration of waterborne transport into the EU transport and logistic chains. In particular, they "supported the Commission's plan to launch a pilot project, in cooperation with Member State authorities and EMSA, to refine the 'Blue Belt' concept". Additional tasks for EMSA EMSA is generally recognised to be an effective, well-run organisation offering Member States significant savings by operating