in the Community. Freedom to provide port services shall apply to Community providers of port services under the provisions set out in this Directive. Providers of port services shall have access to port installations to the extent necessary for them to carry out their activities. 2. Freedom to provide port services shall apply to Community providers of port services under the provisions set out in this Directive. Providers of port services shall have access to port installations to the extent necessary for them to carry out their activities , subject to the constraints of structural and organisational capacities and the safety of maritime traffic in the port or port system in which they operate, and in full compliance with applicable requirements in respect of security, environmental protection and public service . 3. However, pilotage and berthing/unberthing shall not be covered by such provisions, since they constitute an obligatory public service. Amendment 15 Article 2, paragraph 2 2. This Directive applies to any sea port or port system located in the territory of a Member State and open to general commercial maritime traffic, provided that the port's average annual throughput over the last 3 years has not been less than 3 million tonnes or 500 000 passenger movements. 2. This Directive applies to any sea port or port system - as well as access to and from the sea and/or waterway, if considered safe by the Member State - located in the territory of a Member State and open to general commercial waterborne traffic, provided that the port's average annual throughput over the last 3 years has not been less than 3 million tonnes or 500 000 passenger movements. Amendment 16 Article 2, paragraph 3 3. Where a port reaches the freight traffic threshold referred to in paragraph 2 without reaching the corresponding passenger movement threshold, the provisions of this Directive shall not apply to port services reserved exclusively for passengers. Where the passenger movement but not the freight traffic threshold is reached, the provisions of this Directive shall not apply to port services reserved exclusively for freight. The Commission shall publish for information, in the Official Journal of the European Communities and on the basis of information provided by Member States, a list of the ports referred to in this Article. The list shall first be published within three months following the entry into force of this Directive, and thereafter