of children of whom custody is shared, provided the other party sharing custody has given his or her agreement. (c) the minor children including adopted children of the applicant or his/her spouse , and of the applicant or his/her unmarried partner, or of the unmarried or registered partner as defined in point (a) , where one of them has custody and the children are dependent on him or her ; in cases of joint custody the agreement of the other parent is required; Justification The arguments in support of the first part of this amendment are the same as for the previous amendment. The amendment also harmonises this facet of custodial law at Community level in order to avoid a situation where it would be possible for Member States to adopt contradictory legislative measures in such a sensitive area. The amendment seeks to reflect and respect the diversity of family relationships that exist in today’s society. Amendment 25 Article 4, paragraph 1, point (c a) (new) (c a) the first degree relatives in the direct ascending line of the applicant or his/her spouse, and of the applicant or his/her unmarried partner where they are dependent on him/her and have no other means of family or other support in the country of origin. Justification The Member States should also authorise the entry of the parents of the applicant and his/her spouse, or of the applicant and his/her unmarried partner where these first degree relatives in the direct ascending line are objectively unable to see to their own needs and have no other means of support, be it from their family or from other people. The approach to such cases should be harmonised at Community level. Amendment 26 Article 4, paragraph 1, point (c), third subparagraph (c) By way of derogation, where a child is aged over 12 years, the Member State may, before authorising entry and residence under this Directive, verify whether he or she meets a condition for integration provided for by its existing legislation on the date of adoption of this Directive. Deleted Justification This subparagraph provides for a significant derogation from the general principle, and one which could give rise to unjustifiable differences in the treatment applied to minors from one Member State to another. It should therefore be deleted. Amendment 27 Article 4, paragraph 1, point (c b) (new) (c b) the adult unmarried children of the