least for large energy consumers, and were one important reason for the Commission’s competition sector inquiry. As regards high voltage/pressure transmission networks, these must be legally separate companies from generation. This is a requirement of the gas and electricity directives. However several Member States have gone further and totally separated the transmission network in ownership terms. This has a number of advantages and removes all scope and incentives for discriminatory behaviour. Gas wholesale markets have already developed in parts of the European Union where there are a sufficient amount of companies with gas to trade — notably around the North Sea region. As network access conditions improve, the Commission expects such trading hubs to develop in other areas. This will mean gas prices are formed autonomously to a larger extent. Russia will remain an important partner of the EU for energy supply. However there are several other sources of natural gas from both pipeline connections and liquid natural gas. The Commission has sought to encourage a diverse range of gas supply sources. Finally the share of wind energy in use has increased dramatically. The Renewables Directive Directive 2001/77/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 27 September 2001 on the promotion of electricity produced from renewable energy sources in the internal electricity market, OJ L 283, 27.10.2001. requires Member States to work towards certain targets for the penetration of wind. Incentives are available in almost all Member States which seek to incorporate the external benefits that come from renewable energy. The Commission has taken good note of the high support shown so far to establish a European technology platform in the wind sector, and will encourage the industry, which so far has been the main driver behind such an initiative, to further pursue their efforts concerning the establishment of a wind energy technology platform. The carbon dioxide (CO2) emission trading scheme will also strongly promote generation from low and zero carbon sources.