are mentioned as mere aims or aspirations. Article 3 Scope 1. This Directive shall apply to unfair business-to-consumer commercial practices, as defined below in Article 5. It shall apply to consumers' transactional decisions even where those decisions do not result in a contract between the consumer and a trader. Where any such contract is formed, this Directive shall apply equally to transactional decisions before and after the formation of the contract . 2. This Directive is without prejudice to the rules on the validity, formation or effect of a contract. 3. This Directive is without prejudice to the determination of the types of damage which may be caused by an unfair commercial practice and their quantification. 4. This Directive does not affect Community or national rules relating to the health and safety aspects of products. 5. In case of conflict between the provisions of this Directive and other Community rules governing specific aspects of unfair commercial practices, the latter will prevail and apply to the specific aspects of the unfair commercial practices. 6. This Directive is without prejudice to the rules determining the jurisdiction of the courts and to the rules determining the law applicable to non-contractual obligations . 7. This Directive (apart from Article 4) is without prejudice to the requirements of authorisation schemes, codes of conduct or other specific rules governing the conduct of traders supplying or promoting those products which, by reason of their characteristics, necessitate detailed requirements to protect the interests of consumers, provided the aforesaid requirements secure a level of consumer protection at least as high as that secured by this Directive. Article 4 Internal market 1. Traders shall only comply with the national provisions, falling within the field approximated by this Directive, of the Member State in which they are established. The Member State in which the trader is established shall ensure such compliance. 2. Member States shall neither restrict the freedom to provide services nor restrict the free movement of goods for reasons falling within the field approximated by this Directive. 3. This Directive is without prejudice to the competence of the Member States to take measures in sectors not harmonised by this Directive, such as health, the protection of the physical, mental or moral wellbeing of minors and public security. 4. By way of derogation, for a period of five years from the transposition of the directive, Member States shall be able