increased by 2,7% in 2006, up from 1,4% in 2005, which leaves no room for complacency, although it was the best performance since 2000, whilst the inflation rate was 2,2%, unchanged compared with 2005, B. whereas internal demand, notably investment, was the main driving force behind the increase in growth in the eurozone, C. whereas the increase in energy prices which started in 2005 did not give rise to internal inflationary pressure, since wage increases remained moderate and no second-round effects were observed, D. whereas the recommendations put forward in Parliament's previous resolutions on the ECB annual reports concerning transparency of voting and publication of summary minutes have not yet been taken into account, E. whereas Parliament wishes to help strengthen the role and international authority of the ECB and the eurozone on the international stage, F. whereas there have been many applicants for appointment to senior positions at the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Trade Organisation and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, quite apart from those at the World Bank, G. whereas the ECB continued to adjust interest rates in 2006, interest rates having been raised eight times since December 2005, by 200 basis points up to the current 4%, H. whereas growth is expected to slow down somewhat to 2,6 % in 2007 reflecting the withdrawal of monetary accommodation, with a decline in inflation to 1,9 %, I. whereas the US current account deficit continued to rise up to 6,5 % of GDP in 2006 and the Eurosystem continued to stress the risks and uncertainties related to the continuation of large global current account imbalances, J. whereas large global imbalances continue to represent a risk for exchange rate developments and worldwide economic growth and whereas it is imperative that these risks be addressed, K. whereas in 2006 the exchange rate of the euro appreciated by 11,4 % against the US dollar, 12,4 % against the Japanese yen and 8 % against the Chinese renminbi, Monetary and economic developments 1. Notes that economic recovery in the eurozone has become a self-sustaining process with domestic demand acting as the main driver; observes that 2 million jobs were created in 2006 and that unemployment fell from 8,4 % to 7,6 %; but notes that structural impediments , in particular the paucity of public and private investment in certain key sectors such as research, education and training , continue