and has threatened open war in the event that the ROK imposes further sanctions, I. whereas the DPRK's armed forces have continued with provocative and reckless military acts, such as the killing of three Chinese nationals on the People's Republic of China-DPRK border on 4 June 2010, J. whereas, as a result of the incident, the ROK has announced the suspension of all relations with the DPRK, with the exception of humanitarian aid and operations connected with the Kaesong Industrial Complex, K. whereas the ROK Government has stated that it will not return to the six-party talks until appropriate measures have been taken in respect of the DPRK, L. whereas the EU strongly supports the denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula, and considers the resumption of the six-party talks to be essential for peace and stability in the region, M. whereas the governments of the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation have not yet taken a clear position on the Joint Investigation Group's final report and conclusions, N. whereas the ROK has formally referred the issue to the UN Security Council for debate, while the DPRK has written to the President of the UN Security Council denying all responsibility for the attack and encouraging the Security Council to help the DPRK carry out its own investigations, 1. Deeply regrets the tragic loss of life aboard the South Korean corvette Cheonan , and conveys its sympathy to the ROK Government, the families of the deceased, and the Korean people in a spirit of solidarity and friendship; 2. Echoes the High Representative/Vice-President's condemnation of the attack, and commends the restraint shown by the ROK; 3. Acknowledges the conclusions of the Joint Investigation Group's final report, according to which the sinking of the vessel was caused by a North Korean torpedo, and firmly condemns the sinking as a provocative act against peace and stability in the Korean Peninsula; 4. Expresses disappointment that the governments of the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation have still not taken a clear position on the conclusions of the Joint Investigation Group's final report; 5. Calls on both parties to exercise restraint, to use every possible means to improve inter-Korean relations and to step up their efforts to promote lasting peace and security in the Korean Peninsula; 6. Calls on the governments of the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation, as permanent members