by Member States, helps to better understand the essential elements of the quality and safety framework. Further specifications on the different elements are provided in corresponding articles Amendment 38 Proposal for a directive Article 4 – paragraph 2 – points e a – e d (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment ( ea) procedures to ensure traceability, guaranteeing compliance with the legal requirements on the protection of personal data and confidentiality. S uch procedures shall include the responsibilities of procurement organi s ations and transplantation centres with regard to traceability; ( eb) procedures for the accurate, rapid and verifiable reporting of serious adverse events and reactions in accordance with Article 11(1), including the responsibilities of procurement organi s ations and transplantation centres with regard to such reporting; ( ec) procedures for the management of serious adverse events and reactions as referred to in Article 11(2), including the responsibilities of procurement organi s ations and transplantation centres with regard to such management. (ed) standard operating procedures for tracing and limiting the risks of unethical or illegal activities, particularly concerning decisions for organ procurement and transplantation . Justification This new structure, highly supported by Member States, helps to better understand the essential elements of the quality and safety framework. Further specifications on the different elements are provided in corresponding articles. Amendment 39 Proposal for a directive Article 4 – paragraph 3 – introductory part Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. The national quality programmes shall 3. T he framework for the quality and safety of organs shall ensure that the healthcare personnel involved at all stages of the chain from donation to transplantation or disposal are suitably qualified and competent, and shall develop specific training programmes for such personnel , and shall establish standard operating procedures for: Justification This new structure, highly supported by Member States, helps to better understand the essential elements of the quality and safety framework: (a) and (b) have been moved (reworded) to paragraph 2. “Healthcare” has been included in order to leave out drivers, pilots etc. involved in the process. Including the word “competencies” better captures national realities. This should be taken into consideration for the entire text of the Directive. General agreement on adding “such”, as it refers to healthcare personnel It is very difficult to recognize international standards in most of the cases Amendment 40 Proposal for a directive Article 4 - paragraph