but also for actaBDE and decaBDE. Following a series of trilogue meetings with the Danish Council Presidency and the Commission an agreement was reached which covers the following elements: - an immediate ban on the marketing of octaBDE and - as the results of the risk reduction strategy for decaBDE will only be available by June 2003, any restrictions on the marketing of this substance should be taken after this date but without further delay. Electronic and Electrical waste – WEEE have Arrived at Agreement Karl- Heinz FLORENZ (EPP-ED, D) Report 1.on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a European Parliament and Council Directive on waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) (PE-CONS 3663/2002 – C5-0486/2002 – 2000/0158(COD)) 2.on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a European Parliament and Council Directive on the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment (PE-CONS 3662/2002 – C5-0487/2001 – 2000/0159(COD)) Doc.: A5-0438/2002 Procedure : Codecision procedure (3rd reading) Debate : 17.12.2002 Karl-Heinz FLORENZ (EPP-ED, D) will be recommending the approval of two related conciliation agreements on electrical and electronic waste. The aim of the Directive is, as a first priority, the prevention of waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE), and in addition, the re-use, recycling and other forms of recovery of such wastes so as to reduce the disposal of waste. It also seeks to improve the environmental performance of all economic operators involved in the life cycle of electrical and electronic equipment and in particular operators directly involved in the treatment of waste electrical and electronic equipment. The main elements of the agreement are as follows: Financing For new electrical appliances (put on the market 30 months after the entry into force of the directive) the principle of individual rather than collective producer responsibility is confirmed. Each producer is responsible for financing the operations linked to the waste from his own products and for providing a guarantee. There are no provisions for exemptions. In addition, the cost of collection, treatment and disposal are not to be shown separately to purchasers at the time of sale of new products. Marking Member States shall ensure that any producer is clearly identifiable by a mark on the appliance and this mark shall specify when the appliance was put on the market. This strict marking system was considered by Parliament to be a precondition for the