Ellen Margrethe Løj served as the Ambassador to the United Nations for Denmark from 2001 until 2007.", " She also served as Denmark's ambassador to the Czech Republic before she was appointed by the United Nations Secretary-General as Special Representative for Liberia in October 2007." ] ], [ "Zalmay Khalilzad", [ "Zalmay Mamozy Khalilzad (Pashto: زلمی خلیلزاد \"Zalmay Khalīlzād\"; born March 22, 1951) is a former American diplomat and a counselor at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) and president of Gryphon Partners and Khalilzad Associates, an international business consulting firm based in Washington, D.C. He was the United States Ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush.", " He has been involved with U.S. policy makers at the White House, State Department and Pentagon since the mid-1980s, and was the highest-ranking Muslim American in the Administration of U.S. President George W. Bush.", " Khalilzad's previous assignments in the Administration include U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan and U.S. Ambassador to Iraq.", " In 2017, he was considered for U.S. Secretary of State under the Presidency of Donald Trump." ] ], [ "Permanent Delegate of Australia to UNESCO", [ "The Permanent Delegate of Australia to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization is an officer of the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade and the head of the delegation of the Commonwealth of Australia to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) in Paris, France.", " The position has the rank and status of an Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary and is but one of Australia's representatives to the United Nations and its other bodies, shared with the representatives present at the United Nations Office in Geneva, the United Nations Office in Vienna, the United Nations Office at Nairobi, and the delegation to the United Nations Agencies in Rome." ] ], [ "United States Ambassador to the United Nations", [ "The United States Ambassador to the United Nations is the leader of the U.S. delegation, the U.S. Mission to the United Nations.", " The position is more formally known as the \"Permanent Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, and Representative of the United States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations\"; it is also known as the U.S. Permanent Representative, or \"Perm Rep\", to the United Nations."