deleted Justification The penalty points should only apply to those infringements that have been agreed, at Council level, to be serious ones. This paragraph thus becomes superfluous. Amendment 6 6 Proposal for a regulation Article 84 – paragraph 5 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 5. If the holder of a suspended fishing authorisation does not commit, within three years from the date of the last infringement, another infringement, all points on the fishing authorisation shall be deleted. 5. If the holder of a suspended fishing authorisation does not commit, within three years from the date of the last serious infringement, another serious infringement, all points on the fishing authorisation shall be deleted. Justification The penalty points should only apply to those infringements that have been agreed, at Council level, to be serious ones. Amendment 6 7 Proposal for a regulation Article 84 – paragraph 7 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 7. Member States shall also establish a penalty point system under which the master and the officers of a vessel receive appropriate penalty points as a result of an infringement against the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy committed by them. 7. Member States shall also establish a penalty point system under which the master or the captain of a vessel receive appropriate penalty points as a result of an infringement against the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy committed by them. Justification It is absurd to penalise the officers of the vessel, in addition to the owner and captain or master, which entails no added benefits for the control policy. On the contrary, it may make it even more difficult to recruit crew members if they can be punished for decisions on catches for which they have virtually no responsibility. If such a situation were to arise, the vessel, owner and master would already be punished. Amendment 6 8 Proposal for a regulation Article 85 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall register in a national data base all infringements against rules of the Common Fisheries Policy, committed by vessels flying their flag or by their nationals, including the sanctions they incurred and the number of points assigned. Infringements of vessels flying their flag or by their nationals prosecuted in other Member States shall also be entered by Member States in their national data base on infringements, upon notification of the