by the President, table a proposal to reject the Council's position. Such a proposal shall require for adoption the votes of a majority of the component Members of Parliament. A proposal to reject the Council's position shall be voted on before voting on any amendments. 2. Notwithstanding a vote by Parliament against the initial proposal to reject the Council's position, Parliament may, on the recommendation of the rapporteur, consider a further proposal for rejection after voting on the amendments and hearing a statement from the Commission pursuant to Rule 66(5). 3. If the Council's position is rejected, the President shall announce in Parliament that the legislative procedure is closed. Rule 66 Amendments to the Council's position 1. The committee responsible, a political group or at least 40 Members may table amendments to the Council's position for consideration in Parliament. 2. An amendment to the Council's position shall be admissible only if it complies with Rules 156 and 157 and seeks: (a) to restore wholly or partly the position adopted by Parliament at its first reading; or (b) to reach a compromise between the Council and Parliament; or (c) to amend a part of the text of a Council's position which was not included in - or differs in content from - the proposal submitted at first reading and which does not amount to a substantial change within the meaning of Rule 59; or (d) to take account of a new fact or legal situation which has arisen since the first reading. The President's discretion to declare an amendment admissible or inadmissible may not be questioned. 3. If new elections have taken place since the first reading, but Rule 59 has not been invoked, the President may decide to waive the restrictions on admissibility laid down in paragraph 2. 4. An amendment shall be adopted only if it secures the votes of a majority of the component Members of Parliament. 5. Before voting on the amendments, the President may ask the Commission to state its position and the Council to comment. CHAPTER 5 THIRD READING Conciliation Rule 67 Convening of the Conciliation Committee Where the Council informs Parliament that it is unable to approve all Parliament's amendments to the Council's position, the President shall, together with the Council, agree to a time and place for a first meeting of the Conciliation Committee. The six-week or, if extended, eight-week deadline provided for