Answer given by Mrs Ferrero-Waldner on behalf of the Commission (16 December 2004) The Unicef report draws attention to the plight of all too many children in Eastern Europe and Central Asia. Significant economic growth in most of the countries in these regions in recent years has yet to impact on income redistribution towards the poorest groups of the population. Economic growth in itself is not enough - governments concerned must also shoulder their responsibility of ensuring that growth-generated revenue increases are used for the reduction of poverty, including among children. This holds for the tackling of the non-income dimensions of child poverty as well, i.e. lack of access to key social services, health care and basic education. The Commission provides support, an example being support to Moldova, Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan under the Food Security Programme with social protection as one of the main targets. The programme has encouraged Governments to adopt reforms, improve the conditions in social institutions, refine targeting and undertake, where justified, a programme to reduce the number of children in institutions by giving their families the means to care for their children themselves. Growth in employment, rather than in gross domestic product (GDP), is the more direct path towards poverty reduction, and this is particularly true for child poverty, given children's dependency status and non-participation in the formal production process. Employment creation however faces multiple obstacles in the region, often of a structural nature. The Commission is supporting reforms, but commitment of the partner government remains a pre-condition for impact of the efforts deployed. A key aspect in promoting children's rights in the regions in question is training and awareness-raising of politicians, officials, the media and other target groups. To that end, the Commission is supporting a major Unicef programme entitled ‘Leave no Child Out’ through the European Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights (EIDHR). Following a contribution of € 400,000 under the 2002 budget for the initial phase of the programme, a further € 600,000 has been identified under the 2004 EIDHR for a second phase encompassing 18 countries in Central and Eastern Europe and the New Independent States. A number of constraints can be identified as far as the measurement of child poverty is concerned: Firstly, current definitions (poverty lines) seem too narrow (income-based only) to adequately capture the extreme complexity of the problem. Secondly, most of the poverty monitoring units