the motivation and mobilisation of all parties concerned. This shall also encompass women and children brought to the Member States through human trafficking. The Community can also identify and stimulate good practice. ( 14 ) This programme can bring added value by identifying and stimulating good practice, by encouraging innovation and by exchanging relevant experience of actions undertaken in the Member States, including an exchange of information relating to the various laws , sanctions and the results achieved. In order to achieve the objectives of the programme and use the resources available in the most efficient way, the areas in which work is to be done must be carefully chosen by selecting projects which offer a greater Community added value and show the way towards trying out and disseminating innovative ideas to prevent and combat violence, in the context of a multidisciplinary approach. ( 15 ) Therefore, in accordance with the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty, the objectives of the proposed action (to prevent and combat all forms of violence against children, young people and women) can be better achieved by the Community, due to the need of a co-ordinated and multidisciplinary approach favouring the setting up of transnational frameworks for training, information, study and exchange of good practice, and the selection of Community-wide projects. This Decision confines itself to the minimum required in order to achieve those objectives and does not go beyond what is necessary for that purpose. ( 16 ) This phase of the programme should be of a five-year duration in order to allow sufficient time for actions to be implemented to achieve the objectives set and for lessons and experience to be collated and integrated in good practice across the European Union. ( 17 ) In accordance with Article 2 of Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission OJ L 184, 17.7.1999, p. 23. , measures for the implementation of this Decision should be adopted by use of the advisory procedure provided for in Article 3 of that Decision. ( 18 ) This Decision establishes a financial framework for the entire duration of the programme which is to be the principal point of reference for the budgetary authority, within the meaning of point 33 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 6 May 1999