is an aspect of the legislation that ought to be retained and the reference to it should not, therefore, be deleted from Article 1. Amendment 15 Council position Article 2 – paragraph 1 Council position Amendment This Directive shall apply to electrical and electronic equipment (EEE) as follows : This Directive shall , subject to paragraph 3, apply to all EEE . (a) from … * to … **  (transitional period), to EEE falling within the categories set out in Annex I. Annex II contains an indicative list of EEE which falls within the categories set out in Annex I. (b) from … * **, to EEE falling within the categories set out in Annex III. Annex IV contains an indicative list of EEE which falls within the categories set out in Annex III. ________ * OJ: please insert the date of entry into force of this Directive. ** OJ: please insert the date - 6 years after the entry into force of this Directive. *** OJ: please insert date - 6 years and one day after the date of entry into force of this Directive. Justification An 'open' scope results in greater legal certainty - a major aim in revising the directive - since all EEE is included as a matter of principle. The strict categorisation of equipment gave rise to widely differing interpretations in the Member States, something which should be avoided. In addition, in this way account can be taken of new products without this necessitating a revision of the directive. Amendment 16 Council position Article 2 – paragraph 3 – introductory part Council position Amendment 3. During the transitional period specified in point (a) of paragraph 1, this Directive shall not apply to any of the following EEE: 3. This Directive shall not apply to any of the following EEE: Justification Further to the amendment to Article 2(1), in keeping with the principle of the open scope of the directive the legislator must also be able to specify exceptions to the rules. Amendment 17 Council position Article 2 – paragraph 3 – point c a (new) Council position Amendment (ca) equipment designed to be sent into space; Justification This amendment does not involve a substantive change to the directive, but only a change in the order of the items in the relevant paragraph of Article 2 (see also the amendment to Article 2(4)). Amendment 18