people through cultural activities and structures which are supported financially by the relevant authorities at all levels; 13. Notes that the European Youth Programme already encourages awareness of common European values and works towards developing a sense of European citizenship and recommends that this programme should be expanded for the benefit of school teachers and school children; 14. Notes that access to Europe's cultural heritage is a fundamental precondition to the integration process and a force for the consolidation of a sense of European citizenship; 15. Recommends that the knowledge of Europe's cultural heritage should be a natural component of the syllabus in schools throughout the EU; 16. Asks the Commission to draw up a text on the history of European culture (art, philosophy, science, etc.) which, after adoption by the Council and with due respect for the principle of subsidiarity, might become a standard subject on the school syllabus in the Member States; 17. Points to the numerous opportunities offered by schools and education to promote intercultural and interreligious exchanges between pupils, extending also beyond European cultural borders, thereby contributing to the development of cultural understanding, for example by encouraging children to talk about their country of origin or the country of origin of their parents, together with their customs and traditions, and to describe their experiences as foreigners in an unfamiliar cultural context; 18. Stresses the need to step up active public policies for the conservation of the common cultural heritage; urges associations recognised in Europe to become more actively involved in conservation and educational initiatives in respect of the historic and artistic heritage; 19. Notes that the Commission's action Netd@ys Europe associates European cinema with schools; believes that it would be a good idea in this connection to widen the scope of such projects so as to encourage cooperation for example through school films, introductions to the media professions and invitations to film directors to visit schools as 'guest speakers', etc. Further proposes that the MEDIA Plus programme should contribute in raising pupils' awareness and interest in European cinema; Points out that a Pan -European Children's Network would be an efficient way to raise awareness for and disseminate European films of high quality; 20. Calls on the Member States to promote collaboration between teachers and artists with a view to encouraging pupils to learn about the performing arts at school in a European context; 21. Urges the