promoting new partnership agreements and establishing appropriate monitoring and implementation mechanisms, H. whereas the European Union came to Johannesburg with an ambitious agenda to achieve the above objectives; whereas the developing countries shared some but not all of these objectives; whereas the United States put its emphasis on so-called "type 2" partnership agreements and was resolutely opposed to the establishment of most new targets and timetables, I. whereas the European Union's ambitious agenda could, therefore, only be partially achieved, J. whereas the outcome in Johannesburg, relatively limited though it was, will now have to be carefully monitored and implemented, and whereas new and more far-reaching agreements will have to be sought in other fora, K. whereas the issue of global governance, especially world-wide environmental governance, will also have to be re-examined, L. whereas there should be greater parliamentary input into future such negotiations, and whereas new agreements should be subject to greater parliamentary accountability, M. whereas the biggest obstacle towards developing a common approach to sustainable development between the European Union and developing nations was the issue of food subsidies, which are perceived by many G-77 countries as threatening the growth of their agricultural industry, N. whereas the growth of the population of some developing nations is so rapid as to threaten the raising of standards of living for all, Outcome of the Conference 1. Notes that the WSSD concluded with the adoption of a Johannesburg Declaration on Sustainable Development as well as an accompanying plan of implementation, and that, in addition, a large number of partnership agreements were also announced; 2. Welcomes the broad principles set down in the Johannesburg Declaration but considers that the WSSD outcome needs to be judged, in particular, by the content of the accompanying plan of implementation; 3. Is of the opinion that especially in less developed countries there will be no sustainable development without economic development and social cohesion; underlines therefore in this context that the fight against poverty, a change in consumption and production patterns, and the protection and management of natural resources are mutually reinforcing objectives of the sustainable development concept, which need a balanced implementation towards global prosperity, security and stability; 4. Believes that globalisation has added a new dimension to these challenges, that the rapid integration of export markets and the mobility of capital around the world have opened both new challenges and risks for the implementation of the