Question for written answer E-009761/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Jan Philipp Albrecht (Verts/ALE) and Francisco Sosa Wagner (NI) (27 October 2011) Subject: Revocation of IP addresses or domain names in third countries On 15 June 2010, Parliament adopted the Sosa Wagner Report on Internet governance ( P7_TA(2010)0208 ). Article 17(v) of that report asks the Commission ensure the ‘protection of the integrity of the global Internet and freedom of communication by avoiding any regional measures, such as revocation of IP addresses or domain names in third countries’. The United States has already unilaterally revoked domain names belonging to European businesses without right. For instance, the website of a travel agency based in Spain was seized in 2008. In January 2011, the domain name of another Spanish company, whose business has been deemed legal by two Spanish courts, was removed. In February/March 2011, the European Commission and the United States had two meetings addressing the revocation of domain names and IP addresses. Furthermore, the General Affairs Council adopted a political position last year that the European Union should give itself the power to revoke IP addresses in third countries. Could the Commission state: — Why it has, to date, failed to answer Mr Sosa Wagner’s letter, dated 21 February 2011, to Vice-President Kroes, Vice-President Reding and Commissioner Malmström asking if the Commission intended to propose measures enabling the EU to unilaterally revoke IP addresses used by third country persons and if the position of Parliament would be taken into account? Could the Commission now answer those questions? Could the Commission also state: 1. Whether it has taken any action vis-à-vis the US, or intends to do so, with respect to the unilateral US actions described above? 2. What specific measures it is planning to implement — for instance measures ensuring (without threatening the integrity of the Internet) that domain names and IP addresses registered or used by European citizens are immune to unilateral action by third countries — to defend European citizens when the security of their information resources is threatened by foreign governments and private companies in this way? 3. Whether it agrees that it would be inappropriate for either the EU or individual Member States to unilaterally revoke domain names or block IP addresses with respect to information resources relating to third country persons?