market) of 9 May 2010 also mentions the problem of recycling as an obstacle to e-commerce in the Union. In its resolution on completing the internal market for e-commerce ( 2010/2012(INI) ), the European Parliament calls for simplification of the sale of EEE by means of distance selling. Amendment 68 Council position Article 18 Council position Amendment Member States shall ensure that authorities responsible for implementing this Directive cooperate with each other, in particular to establish an adequate flow of information to ensure that distance sellers comply with the provisions of this Directive and, where appropriate, provide each other and the Commission with information in order to facilitate the proper implementation of this Directive. The administrative cooperation and exchange of information shall take utmost advantage of electronic means of communication. Member States shall ensure that authorities responsible for implementing this Directive cooperate with each other, in particular to establish an adequate flow of information to ensure that distance sellers comply with the provisions of this Directive and, where appropriate, provide each other and the Commission with information in order to facilitate the proper implementation of this Directive. The administrative cooperation and exchange of information shall take utmost advantage of electronic means of communication. In particular, the competent authorities of the Member State in which the producer is established shall, at the request of the competent authorities of the Member State in which the WEEE is generated, take the necessary enforcement measures in a proportionate and effective manner that is in accordance with the applicable national and U nion legislation to ensure that the producer complies with all the requirements of this Directive. To this end, the competent authorities of the Member State in which the producer is established shall cooperate fully with the competent authorities of the Member State in which the WEEE is generated. This cooperation shall include, inter alia, access to the relevant documents and information and carrying out the necessary inspections. Justification The European producer approach requires closer cooperation between national authorities than is the case under the Council proposal, in order to ensure effective enforcement of the directive. Amendment 69 Council position Article 23 Council position Amendment 1. Member States shall carry out appropriate inspections and monitoring to verify the proper implementation of this Directive. 1. Member States shall carry out appropriate inspections and monitoring to verify the proper implementation of this Directive. Those inspections shall