one tenth of the total budget), a contribution from the European Patent Office and contributions from other parties to agreements with the schools, make up the balance. 25. Changes in the budget of the individual schools, and consequently in the Community's contribution to these, are explained essentially by inflation, increases in teachers' salaries, normal fluctuations in pupil numbers from one year to another, the enrolment of the children of officials from the new Member States, and fluctuations in fee and other revenue. SUGGESTIONS The Committee on Culture and Education calls on the Committee on Budgets, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: 1. Recalls the central place accorded in the Lisbon process to education, vocational training and lifelong learning and the application of new information and communication technologies thereto; 2. Notes that, while Erasmus is one of the most successful and best-known of Community initiatives across the policy spectrum, the average Erasmus student mobility grant has remained unchanged since 1993 at EUR 150 per month; expresses its disquiet at evidence that the failure of the average mobility grant to meet the real additional costs of mobility may be discouraging students from poorer backgrounds from studying abroad; is determined to seek a revision of the multi-annual budget provided for in Decision No 253/2000/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 January 2000 establishing the second phase of the Community action programme in the field of education 'Socrates' OJ L 28, 3.2.2000, p. 1. , so as to increase the average Erasmus mobility grant; 3. Underlines the importance of town-twinning partnerships as concrete examples of European cooperation which operate at a level close to citizens; expresses its determination to ensure that support for such partnerships is no lower in 2006 than it has been in 2005; 4. Reasserts its belief in the importance of European cultural organisations as 'cultural ambassadors' for the European Union; calls for a revision of Decision No 792/2004/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 April 2004 establishing a Community action programme to promote bodies active at European level in the field of culture OJ L 138, 30.4.2004, p. 40. so as to ensure that cultural organisations may continue to receive an appropriate level of support; 5. Recalls that successive surveys have revealed that a high proportion of European citizens know little about the