WRITTEN QUESTION E-1343/05 by José Ribeiro e Castro (PPE‑DE) to the Commission (11 April 2005) Subject: Europe's world languages — Portuguese The European Parliament has already acknowledged the fact that Portuguese is Europe's third most important world language. A resolution adopted on 8 April 2003 on the report from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament on the Macau Special Administrative Region: first and second annual reports ( P5_TA(2003)0141 ) contains the following recital: ‘J. whereas the governments of the MSAR and the PRC have both recently laid down and have been implementing a policy seeking to capitalise on Macau's position as a hub for China's relations with the entire Portuguese-speaking world; and whereas Portuguese is, in terms of the number of speakers, Europe's third most important world language’. In terms of the number of people speaking Portuguese as their mother tongue, Portuguese is indeed the world's third most widely spoken European (EU) language, coming after English and Spanish and before French and German. This notion of ‘Europe's world languages’ (the five most important languages being English, Spanish, Portuguese, French and German) is relevant because it values European languages in terms of their capacity for enabling European peoples and citizens to communicate directly with different peoples throughout the world. It consequently has a fundamental part to play in the crucial endeavour to give Europe, through the European Union, more weight and influence in an increasingly globalised international context. Has the European Union been pursuing any policy to promote increased knowledge and use of Europe's world languages? Has such a policy been followed at least for the first five or the first three? Given that the European Union has always sought to establish links and partnerships with other regions in the world, what role does the Commission consider Europe's world languages might play in this regard? Is the Commission implementing or is it willing to implement programmes to support the teaching, learning and use of Europe's world languages as common vehicles of culture and communication tools for all Europeans, particularly with a view to opening up Europe's relations with the rest of the world? More specifically, is it carrying out or will it carry out such measures for Portuguese, as Europe's third most important world language?