with general or specific tasks lying within the competence of the President and/or the Bureau. At the same time the ways and means of carrying them out shall be laid down. 14. The Bureau shall nominate two Vice-Presidents who shall be entrusted with the implementation of relations with national parliaments. They shall report back regularly to the Conference of Presidents on their activities in this regard. 15. When a new Parliament is elected, the outgoing Bureau shall remain in office until the first sitting of the new Parliament. Rule 24 Composition of the Conference of Presidents 1. The Conference of Presidents shall consist of the President of Parliament and the Chairs of the political groups. The Chair of a political group may arrange to be represented by a member of that group. 2. The President of Parliament shall invite one of the non-attached Members to attend meetings of the Conference of Presidents, without having the right to vote. 3. The Conference of Presidents shall endeavour to reach a consensus on matters referred to it. Where a consensus cannot be reached, the matter shall be put to a vote subject to a weighting based on the number of Members in each political group. Rule 25 Duties of the Conference of Presidents 1. The Conference of Presidents shall carry out the duties assigned to it under these Rules of Procedure. 2. The Conference of Presidents shall take decisions on the organisation of Parliament's work and matters of legislative planning. 3. The Conference of Presidents shall be the authority responsible for matters concerning relations with the other institutions and bodies of the European Union and with the national parliaments of Member States. 4. The Conference of Presidents shall be the authority responsible for matters concerning relations with non-member countries and with non-Union institutions and organisations. 5. The Conference of Presidents shall be responsible for organising structured consultation with European civil society on major topics. This may include holding public debates, open to participation by interested citizens, on subjects of general European interest. The Bureau shall appoint a Vice-President responsible for the implementation of such consultations, who shall report back to the Conference of Presidents. 6. The Conference of Presidents shall draw up the draft agenda of Parliament's part-sessions. 7. The Conference of Presidents shall be the authority responsible for the composition and competence of committees, committees of inquiry, joint parliamentary committees, standing delegations