2007, 4 July 2007 and 18 July 2007. In cases where an application does not relate to a single event but to a series of similar events these must have a common underlying cause such as a series of forest fires caused by an exceptionally hot and dry meteorological condition. It is not possible to choose the starting date freely while excluding a number of earlier events that have the same underlying cause. Allegations of arson as a cause for forest fires may be considered only if they have been confirmed, such as by a court ruling. In such an event, however, the natural cause of the fire and, as a consequence, the eligibility of the disaster for the Solidarity Fund is put in question. It follows that the application for Puglia was presented after the expiry of the 10 weeks application deadline. The Structural and Rural Development Funds can be used to rehabilitate or replace damaged infrastructure, livestock losses and/or destroyed trees and plants from natural disasters. Interventions related to private housing however are not eligible for co-financing. As regards preventive measures, risk prevention is one of the priority areas for the assistance of the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) for the period 2007‑13 under the three objectives of convergence, regional competitiveness and employment, and territorial cooperation. The ERDF can part-finance the preparation and the implementation of plans and measures to prevent and cope with natural risks such as forest fires. In the framework 2007‑13 of the rural development programmes, Member States may implement specific measures to restore forestry potential in forest damaged by natural disasters and fire and introducing appropriate prevention actions. The Rural Development Programme 2007‑13 for the Region Puglia includes measure 226 for restoring forestry potential and introducing prevention actions. Eligible interventions include interventions to recover forests damaged by fires and prevention actions against fires, such as preventive forestry practices and establishment of protective infrastructures. In addition, the Italian authorities may have the possibility to grant state aids to compensate for the losses suffered because of a natural disaster, providing such aid is granted in accordance with the applicable rules. The Solidarity Fund is applicable to cases of forest fires if the conditions in the Solidarity Fund Regulation for mobilising the Fund are met. The Fund has in the past been mobilised for forest fire applications and it will be mobilised for a recent forest fire