settlement finality in payment and securities settlement systems (SFD) and the Directive on financial collateral arrangements (FCD) in line with the latest market and regulatory developments. First analyses of the implementation of the MiFID (directive 2004/39/EC) as well as the European Code of conduct for clearing and settlement show an increase of links and interoperability and therefore a need for extending the protection of the SFD to night-time settlement and to settlement between linked systems. In order to recognises some practices already in use in many member states, the European Commission has broadened the scope of the protection provided by both directives to include new types of assets (i.e. credit claims) in order to facilitate their use throughout the Community. Finally the European Commission used this recast in order to introduce a number of simplifications and clarifications to facilitate the application of the FCD and SFD. The recent, and still ongoing, financial turmoil which requires strengthening the tools for managing instability and turmoil in financial markets, is also a strong argument in favour of this proposal. Indeed, ensuring the proper functioning of settlement systems in rapidly evolving markets is indispensable for the stability of financial markets, even more so in times of market turmoil. Moreover, the establishment of a harmonised legal framework for the use of credit claims as collateral in cross-border transactions would help enhancing market liquidity, which has been severely hit in recent months. General context In recent years new types of assets, such as bank loans or "credit claims", have become an important source for the continuously growing collateral operations on financial markets. In August 2004, the European Central Bank Governing Council decided to include credit claims as an eligible type of collateral for Eurosystem credit operations as of 1 January 2007. However, some Member States, i.e. France, Germany, Spain, Austria and the Netherlands already accepted credit claims, although operating under different legal regimes. In order to create a level playing field among central banks and to stimulate the cross-border use of collateral, the relevant legal framework needs to be harmonised. Another important development in financial markets is the increasing number of linkages between systems. This trend is expected to continue and possibly even to accelerate due to the introduction of the Code, adopted by providers of central market infrastructure services on 7 November 2006. The aim of the Code is to improve the efficiency of European