15.12.2001, p. 272. , – having regard to the contributions made at the public hearing held by the Committee on Development and Cooperation on 'Aid to the Afghans' on 7 November 2001, – having regard to Rule 47(1) of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the report of the Committee on Development and Cooperation and the opinion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy ( A5-0433/2002 ), A. whereas the number of victims of natural and man-made humanitarian disasters is constantly rising, whereas the number of refugees in 2001 was 11.7 million and the number of persons displaced in their own country 21 million, and whereas disasters mainly affect the most vulnerable sections of the population, especially young children, old people and women, B. having regard to the support given by European citizens to EU humanitarian action, as shown in the Eurobarometer 2001 survey, C. whereas long-term crises are becoming more and more widespread and are liable to become forgotten crises, D. whereas the combined aid provided by the European Union and its Member States makes it - by far - the world's largest donor, E. having regard to the excessively disparate nature of Category 4 of the budget and the inclusion in this category of pre-accession expenditure for Turkey, Cyprus and Malta while expenditure for the other countries appears in Category 7, F. whereas the request for utilisation of the reserve for 2002 (Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iran, Middle East and Southern Africa) is for a total of EUR 80 million (of which only EUR 65 million have so far been allocated) and whereas total humanitarian expenditure for 2002 therefore have amounts to EUR 530 million, which is EUR 13.7 million less than in 2001, G. whereas use of the budgetary reserve has now become systematic and is considered as nothing short of a budgetary 'second tranche', while the complexity and uncertainty linked to this procedure is posing a threat to the funding of emergency action that enables lives to be saved, H. whereas ECHO has adopted a primary emergency procedure enabling it to release funding within no more than 72 hours, I. having regard to the dangers facing the staff of humanitarian organisations, including dangers to their own lives, J. having regard to the strengthening of procedures to monitor recipient organisations, in particular by introducing a medium-term audit of ECHO's main partner