consulted before the first such agreement was signed with Hong Kong. The policy on asylum, the free movement of persons, visa policy, rules governing the crossing of the EU's external borders, immigration policy and the rights of nationals of third countries became an EU responsibility with the entry into force of the Treaty of Amsterdam on 1 May 1999. At present, the Council acts unanimously on proposals from the Commission or on the initiative of a Member State. On 1 st May 2004, the Commission will have an exclusive right of initiative in this field. Sustainable Development in Mountain Regions Commission statement on sustai nable development in mountain regions Debate : 19.12.2002 The Commission will end Thursday morning with a statement on sustainable development in mountain regions. 2002 is the International Year of the Mountains. Some 30% of land in the EU consisting of 30 million inhabitants, encompasses numerous mountain ranges or chains, including the Alps, the Sierra Nevada, the Island of Crete, the Pyrenees, the Apennines, the Serra da Estrela, the Massif Central and the Highlands. Mountain areas represent over 50% of the territory in Italy, Spain, Greece, Austria and Portugal. 95% of mountain regions in the EU receive support from the EU's structural funds, which demonstrates solidarity towards the Union's less favoured regions and social groups. Special programmes financed by the INTERREG initiative provide for cross-border co-operation, which extends, as well, beyond EU borders to include, for example cooperation programmes between Austria, France, Germany, Italy, and Switzerland, Liechtenstein and Slovenia. The mountain areas have gained a particular political significance in the European institutions. Members of the European Parliament have created the " Friends of the Mountains group" headed by Luciano Caveri, MEP, chairman of the Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism Committee. Public Services Commission statement on services of general interest in European parliament Debate: 19.12.2002 The Commission is asked to respond to a call by Parliament in a resolution adopted on 13 November 2001 calling for a framework directive to establish a firm legal base for public services. MEPs recognise, however, that within certain guidelines, it is for the Member States and local authorities to decide which services should be considered of general economic interest and that the private sector can be involved in the provision of such services. Future of the Pension Systems Council and Commission stateme nts on the future of the pension systems Debate :