to amend national annual work programmes based on drafts that Member States have submitted in accordance with Article 6(3); (b) to adopt and, if necessary, to amend national annual work programmes based on drafts that Member States have submitted in accordance with Article 6(3); (c) to add measures to Annex I or to amend Annex II; and (d) to lay down detailed rules necessary for the implementation of this Regulation. (d) to lay down detailed rules necessary for the implementation of this Regulation, other than measures of general scope designed to amend non-essential elements thereof, within the meaning of the Council Decision of 17 July 2006 (2006/512/EC). 1a. The following implementing decisions shall be taken in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 14(2a): (a) to adopt and, if necessary, to amend multi ‑annual strategic programmes drawn up in accordance with Article 6(1); and (b) to add measures to the Annex. Justification Following the introduction of the new comitology provisions (Council Decision of 17 July 2006), it is necessary to adapt the pending legislation. In the case of LIFE+, the new regulatory procedure with scrutiny should apply to the adoption of the multi-annual strategic programmes and Annex 1 defining measures eligible for funding. They are 'quasi-legislative' measures in the meaning of Decision 2006/512/EC. Amendment 24 Article 15, paragraph 2 2. The following implementing decisions shall be taken in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 14(3): 2. The following implementing decisions shall be taken in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 14(3): (a) to decide to delegate implementation of the budget to a national agency or agencies in accordance with Article 7(2) and to confirm the agency's or agencies' compliance with the selection criteria set out in Annex II; (b) to specify the format, content and submission dates for draft national annual work programmes for the purposes of Article 6(3) and of the reports referred to in Article 6(7); (b) to specify the format, content and submission dates for draft national annual work programmes for the purposes of Article 6(3); (c) to determine the form , content and recipients of the reports referred to in Article 12(1); and (c) to determine the form and content of the reports referred to in Article 12(1); and (d) to establish indicators to assist the monitoring of measures financed by LIFE+. (d) to establish indicators to assist the monitoring of