Answer given by Mr Rehn on behalf of the Commission (28 September 2005) In September 2004 the Bulgarian Transport Ministry issued an invitation to tender for the modernisation of the Plovdid-Svilengrad railway (ISPA measure 2001/Bulgaria/16/P/PT/003). The construction contract for the first phase was awarded to a Greek firm. A total of nine bids were received from the following firms: Joint Venture (JV) Balfour Beatty Rail/Glavbolgarstroy JV Tamca JV Swietelsky/Alpine Mayreder JV Porr/VA Tech. JV MSF Fergrupo/Efacec/Inabensa/TRs Terna SA JV Project BG2004 JV Weiss Kirchner/Heitkamp/Thyssen. JV Consorzio Cooperative Costruzioni. The evaluation report of the offers covers the administrative and technical compliance of the offers and financial proposal. If the Honourable Member's question is referring to the financial proposal only, the three first were as follows: JV Porr/VA Tech EUR 74881527 .07 JV Weiss/Kirchner/Heitkamp/Thyssen EUR 82741357 .43 Terna SA EUR 85728832 .00 The six other proposals were between EUR 92.49 million and EUR 139464 million. The criteria used in the selection and award of the relevant contract are the ones included in the relevant procurement notice Ref. EuropeAid/117495/D/W/BG. . The Commission can confirm that the winning bid complied with the selection criteria included therein and was considered as the lowest price amongst the compliant offers, thereby complying with the award criterion as included in the same document. It should be noted, that under the current decentralised implementation system, the Bulgarian Contracting Authority awards contracts. The Commission performs an ex-ante control of the procurement process, notably of the tender evaluation report submitted by the Contracting Authority. The Commission can confirm that the procurement of the contract concerned was carried out in accordance with the relevant rules. The Commission is not aware of any anomalies in this context. It is, however, aware of complaints from some participating companies. It may also be noted that an appeal against the decision to award the contract to Terna SA has been submitted on behalf of one of the participating groups to the Supreme Administrative Court of Bulgaria. The Commission supervised every step of the procurement process for this particular contract as per the relevant rules and procedures (practical guide to contract procedures — PRAG; Financial Regulation, etc.) under the decentralised implementation system.