or the Commission by a committee, a political group or at least 40 Members with a request that they be placed on the agenda of Parliament. Such questions shall be submitted in writing to the President who shall immediately refer them to the Conference of Presidents. The Conference of Presidents shall decide whether and in what order questions should be placed on the agenda. Questions not placed on Parliament's agenda within three months of being submitted shall lapse. 2. Questions to the Commission must be referred to that institution at least one week before the sitting on whose agenda they are to appear and questions to the Council at least three weeks before that date. 3. Where the questions concern matters referred to in Article 42 of the Treaty on European Union, the time limit provided for in paragraph 2 of this Rule shall not apply, and the Council must reply sufficiently promptly to keep Parliament properly informed. 4. One of the questioners may move the question for five minutes. One member of the institution concerned shall answer. The author of the question is entitled to use the whole period of speaking time mentioned. 5. Rule 110(2) to (5) shall apply m utatis mutandis . Rule 116 Question Time 1. Question Time with the Council and the Commission shall be held at each part-session at times decided by Parliament on a proposal from the Conference of Presidents. 2. No Member may put more than one question to the Council and one question to the Commission at any given part-session. 3. Questions shall be submitted in writing to the President, who shall rule on their admissibility and on the order in which they are to be taken. The questioner shall be notified immediately of this decision. 4. The detailed procedure shall be governed by guidelines laid down in an annex to these Rules of Procedure See Annex II. . 5. In accordance with guidelines established by the Conference of Presidents, specific question hours may be held with the President of the Commission, with the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and with the President of the Eurogroup. Rule 117 Questions for written answer 1. Any Member may put questions for written answer to the President of the European Council, the Council, the Commission or the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union