WRITTEN QUESTION E-3780/08 by Hiltrud Breyer (Verts/ALE) to the Commission (8 July 2008) Subject: Health hazard from mobile phone radiation Recital 4 of Recommendation 1999/519/EC OJ L 199, 30.7.1999, p. 59. states that it is ‘imperative to protect members of the general public within the Community against established adverse health effects … as a consequence of exposure to electromagnetic fields’. Recital 19 points out that the Member States should take note of progress made in scientific knowledge so as to protect the public, taking into account the aspect of precaution. A study has now found that using mobile phones for 10 or more years may double the risk of a brain tumour. Electromagnetic (EM) radiation may inter alia also cause an opening in the blood-brain barrier, disruption to the immune system and changes in gene activity. Children under 12 in particular are especially at risk from mobile phone EM radiation, since their brains are still growing; their exposure to the radiation is much greater than adults' because their total head mass is much lower. 1. What is the Commission doing to protect Europeans against health hazards from mobile phone EM radiation? Is the Commission planning to make EM radiation limit values more stringent? When limit values are set, what account is taken of children's exposure to EM radiation? 2. Is the Commission planning special measures such as, for instance, information campaigns to protect children against mobile phone radiation? If so, what measures are planned and when are they to be taken? If not, why not? 3. Does the Commission advocate a ban on mobile phones in schools? 4. Is the Commission in favour of children wearing headsets instead of holding mobile phones directly to their ears? 5. Does the Commission have research findings about adverse effects of mobile phone radiation on children's health? If not, is the Commission planning to encourage targeted research in this field? 6. Is the Commission making efforts to persuade mobile phone manufactures and mobile network operators to lessen health hazards from mobile phones? Does the Commission support the development of exposure-free mobile communications technology?