head of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS), the precursor to the Central Intelligence Agency, during World War II.", " He is also known as the \"Father of American Intelligence\" and the \"Father of Central Intelligence\".", " \"The Central Intelligence Agency regards Donovan as its founding father,\" according to journalist Evan Thomas in a 2011 \"Vanity Fair\" profile.", " The lobby of CIA headquarters, in Langley, Virginia, now features a statue of Donovan.", " Thomas observed that Donovan's \"exploits are utterly improbable but by now well documented in declassified wartime records that portray a brave, noble, headlong, gleeful, sometimes outrageous pursuit of action and skulduggery.\"" ] ], [ "John O. Brennan", [ "John Owen Brennan (born September 22, 1955) was the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency from March 2013 to January 2017.", " He has served as chief counterterrorism advisor to U.S. President Barack Obama; his title was Deputy National Security Advisor for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism, and Assistant to the President.", " His responsibilities included overseeing plans to protect the country from terrorism and respond to natural disasters, and he met with the President daily.", " Previously, he advised President Obama on foreign policy and intelligence issues during the 2008 presidential campaign and transition.", " Brennan withdrew his name from consideration for Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in the first Obama administration over concerns about his support for transferring terror suspects to countries where they may be tortured while serving under President George W. Bush.", " Instead, Brennan was appointed Deputy National Security Advisor, a position which did not require Senate confirmation." ] ], [ "William O. Studeman", [ "William Oliver \"Bill\" Studeman (born January 16, 1940) is a retired Admiral of the United States Navy and former Deputy Director of the United States' Central Intelligence Agency, with two extended periods as Acting Director of Central Intelligence.", " As Deputy Director of Central Intelligence, he served in the administrations of George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton under three Directors of Central Intelligence, Robert Gates, R. James Woolsey Jr., and John M. Deutch.", " Admiral Studeman retired from the Navy in 1995 after almost 35 years of service.", " Between 1988 and 1992 he was director of the National Security Agency; he was the Director of Naval Intelligence, from September 1985 to July 1988." ] ], [ "Intelligence Star", [ "The Intelligence Star is an award