in terms of catches , discards and fishing effort, and shall keep the originals of that data for a period of three years or longer in accordance with national rules. The data in electronic format shall be kept for a minimum of ten years. Justification Data on discards need to be collected and analysed. While the original (paper) records could be destroyed after three years, the data contained in them should be kept longer, for purposes of scientific research, which often relies on historical data. Amendment 3 8 Proposal for a regulation Article 23 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. All catches of a stock or a group of stocks subject to quota made by Community fishing vessels shall be charged against the quota applicable to the flag Member State for the stock or group of stocks in question, irrespective of the place of landing. 3. All catches and discards of a stock or a group of stocks subject to quota made by Community fishing vessels shall be charged against the quota applicable to the flag Member State for the stock or group of stocks in question, irrespective of the place of landing. Justification Discards should be deducted from the national quota, as a means of providing incentives for more selective fishing to avoid catching them in the first place. Amendment 39 Proposal for a regulation Article 26 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. The decision referred to in paragraph 2 shall be made public by the Member State concerned and immediately communicated to the Commission and other Member States. It shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union (C series). As from the date that the decision has been made public by the Member State concerned, Member States shall ensure that no retention on board, landings, cagings or transhipments of the relevant fish by vessels flying the flag of the Member State concerned take place in their waters and on their territory. 3. The decision referred to in paragraph 2 shall be made public by the Member State concerned and immediately communicated to the Commission which shall inform the other Member States. It shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union (C series). As from the date that the decision has been made public by the Member State concerned, Member States shall verify, through the