and "upon request". It furthermore modified provisions concerning the complaint handling mechanism and failed to take on board the EP amendment requiring carriers to publish a report on their treatment of complaints. By contrast Council took over amendment 69 postponing the date of application of the Regulation. Rapporteur's assessment and recommendations for second reading Your rapporteur shares the Commission's deep concerns with regard to the substantial modifications introduced by Council. The limitations in scope would result in the majority of bus and coach services being exempted from the Regulation's provisions. In addition, the Council text foresees for those services remaining within the scope of the Regulation the possibility of temporary exemptions for up to 15 years for national, and for an indefinite period for certain international services. Moreover, national services could be exempted from all provisions laying down rights for disabled persons and PRM. Consequently, your rapporteur considers that, if adopted, the Council text would not require any significant changes of the status quo. Despite the above limitations in scope, the Council also watered down or cancelled a number of core provisions of the Commission proposal and failed to take into account most EP amendments. The provisions concerned are, among others, those on liability in the event of death and injury, the liability for lost and damaged luggage, compensation and assistance in the event of delays and cancellations as well as the rights of disabled persons and PRM. Your rapporteur is aware of the need to preserve the economic viability of the operators and to take into account the specificities of the bus and coach industry, which consists largely of small and medium-sized operators. However, at the same time, the new Regulation must ensure a reasonable level of passenger protection which is comparable to that already in place for other transport modes. Therefore, the rapporteur proposes amendments, which would re-establish the scope and, the majority of substantive requirements as contained in Parliament's position at first reading. The rapporteur will conduct negotiations with the Council on that basis. He regards it as an essential precondition for their successful conclusion that the Council raises its level of ambition in particular concerning the scope and the provisions for disabled persons and PRM. PROCEDURE Title Rights of passengers in bus and coach transport References 05218/3/2010 – C7-0077/2010 – 2008/0237(COD) Date of Parliament’s first reading – P number 23.4.2009 T6-0281/2009 Commission proposal COM(2008)0817 - C6-0469/2008