notification of a delegated act to the European Parliament and to the Council shall state the reasons for the use of the urgency procedure. 2. Either the European Parliament or the Council may object to a delegated act in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 27a(5). In such a case, the Commission shall repeal the act without delay following the notification of the decision to object by the European Parliament or by the Council.‘ Amendment 250 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 18 – point 7 c (new) Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 27 c (new) 7c. The following article is inserted: 'Article 27c Confidentiality 1. Information received pursuant to this Regulation shall be used only for the purpose for which it was requested. 2. No information of a confidential nature nor any information provided on a confidential basis received pursuant to this Regulation shall be disclosed without specific permission from the supplier of such information. 3. Each request for confidentiality shall state the reasons why the information is confidential. However, if the supplier of the information wishes neither to make it public nor to authorise its disclosure in general terms or in the form of a summary and if it appears that the request for confidentiality is unjustified, the information concerned may be disregarded. 4. Information shall in any case be considered to be confidential if its disclosure is likely to have a significantly adverse effect upon the supplier or the source of such information. 5. Paragraphs 1 to 4 shall not preclude reference by the Union authorities to general information and in particular to reasons on which decisions taken pursuant to this Regulation are based. Those authorities shall, however, take into account the legitimate interest of natural and legal persons concerned that their business secrets should not be divulged.‘ Amendment 251 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 18 – point 7 d (new) Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 27 d (new) 7d. The following article is inserted: 'Article 27d Report 1. The Commission shall present an annual report on the application and implementation of this Regulation to the European Parliament. The report shall cover all of the preferential arrangements referred to in Article 1(2), include information about the activities of the various bodies responsible for monitoring the implementation of this Regulation and fulfilment of the obligations arising therefrom,