Answer given by Mr Andor on behalf of the Commission (22 June 2010) 1. The Commission has no intention of promoting the establishment of a European body for describing professional skills. As announced in its December 2008 and June 2009 communications ‘New Skills for New Jobs’ and ‘A Shared Commitment for Employment’ COM(2008)868 final and COM(2009)257 final respectively. , it envisages setting up European sector councils on jobs and skills. This would involve the Commission promoting the establishment of a network of sector councils on employment and skills at EU level. The main purpose of such a network would be to facilitate the exchange of information and good practice among national bodies on labour market and skill developments and to support stakeholders in education and training and in the labour market and industrial relations by increasing knowledge of labour market and skill developments and reducing skill mismatches on the labour market. By setting up such bodies at the joint request of the social partners, this may indirectly facilitate the recognition of professional skills across Europe. In addition, the European Qualifications Framework (EQF) acts as a translation device to make national qualifications more readable across Europe, promoting workers' and learners' mobility between countries and facilitating their lifelong learning. By using the common language of learning outcomes, the EQF is leading a system change in how qualifications are assessed and communicated throughout Europe. This approach shifts the focus from the traditional system which emphasises ‘learning inputs’, such as the length of a learning experience, or type of institution. The EQF applies to all types of education, training and qualifications, from school education to academic, professional and vocational. It also encourages lifelong learning by promoting the validation of non-formal and informal learning. In the light of this shift of paradigm one of the main deliverables of the Commission's New Skills for New Jobs Initiative is the development, at European level, of the first ever multilingual dictionary linking skills and competencies to occupations. Named ESCO for the European Skills, Competencies and Occupations taxonomy and available for all public employment services, education and training providers and citizens, it will help to bridge the gap between the worlds of work and education by developing a common language. There is also, at EU level, a directive on the recognition of professional qualifications. This directive applies when a person, fully qualified to exercise a profession in a Member