African countries have reported that the legal sale of ivory to Japan has caused increased elephant poaching and illegal ivory trade, old ivory trade routes have reopened, the black-market price of ivory has risen, and African countries are unable to cope with increased enforcement costs, J. whereas the hawksbill sea turtle is a critically endangered species which is declining in number in most areas of the Caribbean due to illegal tortoiseshell trade, hunting for food, destruction of nesting areas and incidental catch, K. whereas a significant number of hawksbill sea turtles found at the feeding grounds in Cuban water originate from nesting sites in other countries where populations are depleted, 1. Calls on states which have not yet acceded to CITES to do so without delay; 2. Calls on the CITES Parties to introduce and implement appropriate measures to sanction those Parties which have not taken positive steps to establish adequate legislation for the implementation of CITES; 3. Calls on the CITES Parties to strengthen collaboration for the implementation of the Convention by exchanging know-how and by providing additional financial support for training and technical assistance; 4. Urges the CITES Parties to enact and implement comprehensive domestic trade prohibitions on tiger products and tiger derivatives and significantly increase resources for enforcement of such legislation; 5. Urges the CITES Parties to assist the Government of India in establishing specialised enforcement units and a national wildlife crime unit by providing essential technical and financial support; 6. Calls on the Commission and the Member States of the European Union to enhance cooperation with wildlife exporting countries, many of whose rural people depend on wildlife trade for their livelihood, and give their support to countries which have been able to improve the conservation status of species of wild fauna and flora; 7. Expresses its concern about the welfare of animals in regions affected by war, in particular the Great Lakes region, and calls on all parties to avoid further suffering to animals and to take appropriate measures to avoid unnecessary wildlife disaster; 8. Urges the CITES Parties to take strong measures to identify, investigate, and take action to halt any potential markets for the illegal cat skin trade; 9. Urges the CITES Parties to support proposals to return all African elephant populations to CITES Appendix I and to stop international trade in elephants and their parts, including ivory; 10. Urges the CITES Parties to