personnel might lead to a necessary loss of organs. The steps are suggested to be ordered according to clinical practice and to be consistent with article 2 of the Directive. The new wording better captures the EU MS realities and clarifies that it is not intended to increase the administrative burden Amendment 9 Proposal for a directive Recital 16 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (16) This Directive should respect the fundamental rights and observe the principles recognised in particular by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. In line with that charter and to take account of, as appropriate the Convention on human rights and biomedicine , organ transplantation programmes should be founded on the principles of voluntary and unpaid donation, altruism of the donor and solidarity between donor and recipient while ensuring anonymity of the deceased donor and the recipient(s). (16) In order to ensure the quality and safety of organs for transplantation, organ transplantation programmes should be founded on the principles of voluntary and unpaid donation. This is an essential aspect, since the violation of these principles might be associated with unacceptable risks and poor outcomes for recipients and living donors. When donation is not voluntary or provides for financial gain, the quality of the process of donation cannot be fully guaranteed, since improving the quality of life or saving the life of a person is not the main or sole objective to be achieved. Even if the process is developed in accordance with appropriate quality standards, the clinical history obtained either from the potential living donor or the relatives of the potential deceased donor might not be accurate enough in terms of those conditions or diseases which are potentially transmissible from donors to recipients when donors are seeking financial gain or are subjected to any kind of coercion. This would result in a safety problem for potential recipients since the team would have a limited capability for performing an appropriate risk analysis. This Directive should respect the fundamental rights and observe the principles recognised in particular by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union . In line with that charter and to take account of, as appropriate the Convention on human rights and biomedicine , organ transplantation programmes should be founded on the principles of voluntary and unpaid donation, altruism of the donor and solidarity between donor and recipient while ensuring that