Bulgarian, Romanian and Irish join the EU family Culture 2007-01-10 - 17:55 Bulgarian, Irish and Romanian now make 23 languages "United in diversity" is the motto of the European Union and this is never more evident in the languages it embraces. This year sees the number of official languages in the Union rise to 23 with the arrival of Bulgaria and Romania as well as the adoption of Irish. This reflects the cultural heritage of Europe and the principle that all EU citizens have access to documents and information in their own languages. It also means that debates in the Parliament will be heard in these languages. At start of what became the European Union in 1957 there were only 4 languages: Dutch, French, German and Italian. By 1995 there were 11 official languages of the EU. The accession of 10 new countries in 2004 brought in 9 new languages and with the latest additions the number today stands 23 with three separate alphabets. Latin, Greek and now Cyrillic! An interesting feature is that the number of the languages is less than the number of the EU countries - that's because some languages are officially used in more than one country. Moreover, Bulgaria's accession added the Cyrillic alphabet which will now be used alongside Latin and Greek. MEPs choose their language An essential part of democracy is the right to speak with your own language. This is why MEPs have the right to debate in any official language of their choice. Also all the official documents have to be translated in all the official languages. Otherwise the legal status can not be granted. This has to be taken into account in organizing the work of the Parliament. For example, a parliamentary committee has to calculate always the time needed to complete the necessary translations in order to allow all the members to work with understandable content. This website reflects this policy - allowing you to choose which language they prefer. Lost in translation? For the EU multilingualism is a central issue, the new appointed European Commissioner from Romania Leonard Orban represents a further proof of it. Furthermore, the EU supports and promotes multilingualism with different programmes in order to improve linguistic skills of the EU citizens (the most known is the Erasmus programme that celebrates this years its 20th anniversary - 1.2 million students have thus far participated). Language learning