to further developments in this field. (Amendment 43) Annex I(1), fourth paragraph Preliminary actions have started under the INFO2000 programme, that supported a limited number of pilot and demonstration projects. Given the huge potential of this domain, experiments with public-private partnerships, aimed at the exploitation of public sector information with a European interest will continue. Preliminary actions have started under the INFO2000 programme, that supported a limited number of pilot and demonstration projects. Given the huge potential of this domain, experiments with public-private partnerships, aimed at the exploitation of public sector information with a European interest which is shared by those involved in the partnership and is of benefit to the general public, will continue. The projects shall respect the protection of personal data pursuant to the existing directives. In addition, the EU institutions should set an example and not cover material under copyright. (Amendment 44) Annex I(1), sixth paragraph The pilot-projects as described above usually cover a limited geographical area within Europe. Nevertheless the absence of complete datasets at European level constitute one of the barriers to the exploitation of the content potential. Therefore, in addition to the experimental projects, the establishment of European data collections will be stimulated, through financial support to work on pan-European metadata for public sector information and through projects covering a significant number EU Member States. Interest and commitment of private parties will be decisive for selecting the type of data and the areas to be covered. The pilot-projects as described above usually cover a limited geographical area within Europe. Nevertheless the absence of complete datasets at European level constitute one of the barriers to the exploitation of the content potential. Therefore, in addition to the experimental projects, the establishment of European data collections will be stimulated, through financial support to work on pan-European metadata for public sector information and through projects covering a significant number EU Member States. Interest and commitment of public and private parties will be decisive for selecting the type of data and the areas to be covered. (Amendment 51) Annex I(1), seventh paragraph Without prejudice to the final decision that the Commission will take on the follow up to the Green paper on public sector information, it is foreseen that a high level working group on public sector information is established, consisting of Member States representatives, actors from the information industries, consumers organisations and other representatives of citizens interests.