Commission Amendment (10) Pre-transplant evaluation of potential donors is an essential part of organ transplantation. This evaluation must provide enough information for the transplant centre to undertake a proper risk-benefit analysis. The risks and characteristics of the organ must be identified and documented to allow allocation to a suitable recipient. Information should be collected for complete characterisation of the organ and the donor. (10) Pre-transplant evaluation of potential donors is an essential part of organ transplantation. This evaluation must provide enough information for the transplant centre to undertake a proper risk-benefit analysis. The risks and characteristics of the organ must be identified and documented to allow allocation to a suitable recipient. Information from clinical history, physical examination and complementary tests should be collected for complete characterisation of the organ and the donor. In order t o obtain an accurate, reliable and objective medical history, the medical team should interview the living donor or the relatives of the deceased donor. This is essential since the time constraints of the process of deceased donation reduce the ability to rule out potentially serious transmissible diseases. During the interviews, the team should properly inform the interviewees of the risks and consequences of donation and transplantation so as to make them aware of the importance of providing the medical team with all relevant information. Justification The importance of obtaining an appropriate medical history should be stressed as an essential point for ensuring the quality and safety of organs for transplantation. For that purpose the concept of properly informing donors/relatives to make them understand the potential risks for the recipient should be included. Amendment 8 Proposal for a directive Recital 14 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (14) Personnel directly involved in the donation, procurement, testing, preservation, transport and transplantation of human organs should be suitable qualified and trained. (14) Personnel directly involved in the donation, testing, characterisation, procurement, preservation, transport and transplantation of human organs should be suitably qualified and competent. Justification It should be clarified that these requirements apply only to healthcare personnel involved in the process. Asking for such strict requirements for other personnel might lead to a necessary loss of organs. The steps are suggested to be ordered according to clinical practice and to be consistent with article 2 of the Directive. The new wording better captures the EU MS realities and clarifies that it is not intended to increase the administrative