in its territory but is not physically present in its territory, and vice-versa. Lastly, when the proposal for a European arrest warrant is adopted, nationality will no longer be a ground for refusing extradition. 5. Judicial cooperation The designation of operational contact points by the Members States, for which provision was already made in the joint action, is made compulsory in the proposal for a framework decision. The contact points will be responsible for facilitating the exchange of information between Member States on racist or xenophobic offences. The Member States are also required to forward to each other any information they may have on the storage in their territory of material to be used for racist or xenophobic purposes. The framework decision will enter into force no later than 30 June 2004. Conclusion Subject to the amendments tabled, which seek mainly to define still more clearly offences involving racism, to extend the scope of the aggravating circumstances for racist offences and to strengthen the provisions against racism on the Internet, unreserved approval can be given to the framework decision, both as regards principles and as regards procedural details. MINORITY OPINION By Marco Cappato On the proposal for a Council Framework Decision on combating racism and xenophobia ( COM(2001) 664 - C5-0689/2001 - 2001/0270(CNS) The Universal Declaration of Human Rights stipulates that 'Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers'. These principles of a free society are undermined by laws which make 'beliefs' a criminal offence, in a manner which is typical of totalitarian regimes. This is the line adopted by the Commission when it calls for the 'public condoning for a racist purpose', the 'dissemination of tracts containing expressions of racism' and incitement to such acts and other similar acts to be made punishable as criminal offences. Such measures, for which maximum sentences of at least two-years' imprisonment are laid down in cases of criminal association, should logically be followed by the public burning of a substantial proportion of world literature and art. To the great delight of populist and anti-European movements, the Voltairian spirit of tolerance expressed in the phrase "I disapprove of what you say but will defend to the death your right to say it" is being trampled under foot