at 11.02.2004 Jacqueline ROUSSEAUX (ELDR, B) as at 19.02.2004 Maria del Carmen ORTIZ RIVAS (PES, E) as at 08.03.2004 Statements Madrid attacks At the opening of today's business in the European Parliament, President Pat COX told the House that it was his sad duty inform Members of at least five bomb attacks on trains in Madrid at the height of the morning rush hour, the worst of which struck a train entering the main Atocha station. "Tens of people have been murdered, and scores injured. With each report the casualty list grows longer. This is the worst act of terror in the history of Spain, and the worst in memory in any EU state." It was, said President Cox, an outrageous, unjustified and unjustifiable attack on the Spanish people and Spanish democracy. He offered Parliament's heartfelt, deep and sincere sympathy and condolences to all those who had lost family members and the injured. To the King of Spain and through him the people of Spain and the city of Madrid, he sent Parliament's sympathy. "A general election is due in Spain on Sunday. The attack is a declaration of war on democracy. Let Sunday give the answer that Spanish democracy is strong, that it is determined to oppose terrorism by all means available to it," said the President. President Cox recalled his words to a conference of the victims of terrorism he had addressed in Spain in January: It is our political duty, it is our firm resolve that there should be no safe haven for terror or for terrorists in out European Union. He continued in Spanish to express Parliament's firm commitment to democracy and human rights: "No more bombs, no more death - together we will end terrorism." As Members rose for a minute's silence, the President announced that Parliament would fly the Spanish flag and the European flag at half mast as a mark of respect for those killed. Enlargement Ten new Member States urged to keep up their efforts Elmar BROK (EPP-ED, D) Report on the comprehensive monitoring report of the European Commission on the state of preparedness for EU membership of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Cyprus, Latvia, Lithuania, Hungary, Malta, Poland, Slovenia and Slovakia ( COM(2003) 675 – C5-0532/2003 – 2003/2201(INI)) Doc.: A5-0111/2004 Procedure : Own-initiative Debate : 10.03.2004 Vote : 10.03.2004 Vote Parliament called on the ten countries, which are set to join the