for the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 . Justification The territorial and material scope of the act is established in Articles 2 and 2a and Articles 4 and 5, and does not need to be reiterated. In other respects, the amendments follow from amendments 5 and 6 or provide clarification. Amendment 14 Article 12, paragraph 2 2. When establishing jurisdiction in accordance with paragraph 1(a) , each Member State shall ensure that its jurisdiction extends to cases where the offence is committed through an information system and: a) the offender commits the offence when physically present in its territory, whether or not the offence involves racist material hosted on an information system in its territory; b) the offence involves racist material hosted on an information system in its territory , whether or not the offender commits the offence when physically present in its territory . 2. When establishing jurisdiction in accordance with Article 2 , each Member State shall ensure that its jurisdiction extends to cases where the offence is committed through an information system and either : a) the offender commits the offence when on its territory, or b) the offence involves racist material hosted on an information system in its territory. Justification See amendment 13. Amendment 15 Article 12, paragraph 3 3. A Member State may decide not to apply, or to apply only in specific cases or circumstances, the jurisdiction rule set out in paragraphs 1 (b) and (c) . 3. A Member State may decide not to apply, or to apply only in specific cases or circumstances, the jurisdiction rule set out in Article 2a . It shall inform the General Secretariat of the Council and the Commission accordingly. Justification See amendment 13. Amendment 16 Article 12, paragraph 4 4. Member States shall inform the General Secretariat of the Council and the Commission accordingly where they decide to apply paragraph 3, where appropriate with an indication of the specific cases or circumstances in which the decision applies. Deleted Justification See amendment 13. Amendment 17 Article 15, paragraph 4 (new) 4. The national contact points shall report comprehensively to the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia (EUMC) on incidents of racism and xenophobia, police reports, prosecutions and convictions. The particulars supplied to EUMC for registration and monitoring purposes shall include details of the ethnic and cultural background of both the perpetrator and the