of Lisbon Treaty nomenclature. The second aims at providing the budgetary authority with adequate information where the Agency's estimates have been modified by the Commission. Amendment 76 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 6 c (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 18 – paragraph 10 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (6c) In Article 18, paragraph 10 is replaced by the following: 10. The budget shall be adopted by the Administrative Board. It shall become final following final adoption of the general budget of the European Union. Where appropriate, it shall be adjusted accordingly , together with the annual work programme . Justification This aims at preventing that, in case of significant budgetary cuts, the Agency finds itself having to carry out the same tasks and activities with significantly reduced resources. Amendment 77 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 7 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 22 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. At regular intervals and at least every five years, the Administrative Board shall commission an independent external evaluation on the implementation of this Regulation. The Commission shall make available to the Agency any information the latter considers relevant to that evaluation. 1. At regular intervals and at least every five years, the Administrative Board shall commission an independent external evaluation on the implementation of this Regulation , assessing its relevance, effectiveness and cost-efficiency . The Commission shall make available to the Agency any information the latter considers relevant to that evaluation. Amendment 78 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 7a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 22 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (7a) In Article 22, paragraph 2 is replaced by the following: 2. That evaluation shall assess the utility, relevance, achieved added value and effectiveness of the Agency and its working practices . The evaluation shall take into account the views of stakeholders, at both European and national level. It shall, in particular, address the possible need to modify or extend the Agency's tasks or to put an end to its activities in the event of its role having become superfluous. Justification It should be mentioned that regular evaluations may also result in the reconsideration of the Agency's tasks or existence, should this prove necessary. Amendment 79 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 7 b Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 22