2008 budget discharge granted for most EU bodies but held back for Council Budgetary control Plenary sittings 2010-05-05 - 17:09 Parliament voted on Wednesday to approve the 2008 budgetary management of most of the EU's institutions and agencies. However, MEPs held back the decision on the Council's discharge for two weeks, pending further negotiations. After pressure from MEPs, a high level dialogue on the Council's discharge has been launched, aiming at a positive vote in Strasbourg. They also postponed signing off the European Police College's budget until October, citing financial irregularities. MEPs decided to hold back their vote on the Council's discharge for 2008 until the next plenary (17-20 May) pending the outcome of a high level dialogue on the matter which has just been launched by Parliament's President Jerzy Buzek and Spanish prime minister José Luis Zapatero. Although the first discharge vote (to grant discharge or formally postpone the decision until October) should normally take place before the 15 May deadline, MEPs used this option, to hold back the vote by just two weeks, as they hope the negotiations will enable them to grant the discharge later this month. "I would like to give a second, and a last, chance to the Council to prepare all the necessary documents for the discharge." said rapporteur Ryszard Czarnecki (ECR, PL). Better control of EU agriculture funds Parliament decided to sign off the budget of the Commission, which manages most of the EU's funding. In their resolution, MEPs welcomed the improvements made in recent years: the average EU-27 error rate for agriculture in 2008 was - for the first time ever - below two percent. "Error" means, in this sense, not only cases of fraud but other irregularities such as mistakes in reporting or filling in forms. However, MEPs regret that there are still large-scale errors in rural development, structural funds, research, energy and transport, enlargement and external action. They urge the Commission to prepare and send Parliament plans for further reduction of errors. They also ask the Commission and Member States to simplify the rules for receiving EU funding. "The real aim of my report is to reduce the error rate", said Polish Socialist Bogusław Liberadzki, Parliament's rapporteur. More transparency in Member States and Commission A general problem with controlling the spending of EU funding lies with the Member States, which spend 80 percent of the EU budget. Most States do