citizen to express their consent to donate organs after they are deceased and for these wishes to be taken into account. As the citizens of Europe make use of the freedom to travel, live and work in all countries of the European Union they will also die in countries where they are not residents or citizens. The Committee thus also believes, in the sprit of respecting individual choice that people who have chosen to communicate their consent to donate their organs after they are deceased should have the possibility to be tried as donors in all Member States, irrespective of where they are residing. In order to implement such a system there is a need for further cooperation between all concerned parties. The Committee on Legal Affairs would also like to propose measures to further strengthen the rights of anonymity of donors and recipients while guaranteeing a safe possibility to trace back organs to donors and recipients for strictly medical purposes. Three amendments aim at minimising the risk of organ trafficking and other unethical and illegal activities. Finally the Committee proposes a number of minor amendments to improve the text in various ways. AMENDMENTS The Committee on Legal Affairs calls on the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following amendments in its report: Amendment 1 Proposal for a directive Recital 14 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (14) Personnel directly involved in the donation, procurement, testing, preservation, transport and transplantation of human organs should be suitable qualified and trained. (14) Personnel directly involved in the donation, procurement, testing, characterisation, preservation, transport and transplantation of human organs should be suitable qualified and trained. Justification The listing of procedures provided in Article 2(1) also includes "characterisation". Amendment 2 Proposal for a directive Recital 16 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (16a) Combating organ trafficking should not remain the responsibility of the European Union alone. Member States should also take measures to that end, including reducing demand, promoting organ donation more effectively, maintaining strict legislation with regard to live donors, guaranteeing transparency of national registers and waiting lists, establishing the legal responsibility of the medical profession for tracking irregularities, and sharing information. Amendment 3 Proposal for a directive Article 4 – paragraph 2 – point e a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (ea) standard operating procedures for tracing and