cultural minorities of which immigrants frequently form a large part; (b) equal treatment for men and women, in accordance with the fundamental right of equality between the sexes enshrined in international human rights legislation and in the constitutions of the Member States. The principle of ‘security’ is of similar importance, since the granting of resident status forms a vital part of any policy for integrating immigrants into the host society. The rules on the family reunification of third-country nationals are already partially addressed in Community legislation. The provisions concerning the free movement of EU citizens within the European Community apply to members of their families, be they nationals of another Member State or of a third country. EU citizens exercising their right of free movement are entitled to be accompanied by their family, or to be united with it, whatever the nationality of any of its members. However, Community legislation makes no provision for family reunification in cases where the applicants are third-country nationals, nor to that of refugees or other categories of immigrants. The reason for this is that there was a lack of a Community-level legal base prior to the entry into force of the Treaty of Amsterdam in May 1999, which introduced into the EC Treaty a new Title IV on visas, asylum, immigration and other policies related to free movement of persons. The conditions under which third-country nationals legally resident in the Member States can exercise the right to family reunification are still regulated almost exclusively by national legislation, which varies greatly from one Member State to another. Some Member States recognise the right to family reunification, and this principle is enshrined in their constitutions, while others allow for the possibility of discretionary family reunification on the basis of the category and legal status of the third-country nationals concerned. In all cases, exercising of the right to family reunification is subject to certain conditions, such as respect for public order and safety, adequate accommodation and sufficient resources, or the establishing of a waiting period, the rules on which vary enormously from one Member State to the next. It should also be emphasised that a great many of the rules concerning the right to family reunification, which in part transcend national legislation, derive from the international legal framework, the most important legal instruments of which are: - The Universal Declaration of Human Rights; - The 1996 international