Temporary International Mechanism to be used without discrimination, including all public employees; 4. Calls on the Presidency and the Member States to urge the UN Security Council to meet the request of the Palestinian President, Mahmoud Abbas, to intervene and to take the necessary decisions to bring to an end to the escalating Palestinian-Israeli conflict in the Gaza Strip; 5. Calls on the Council urgently to convene the EU-Israel Association Council in order to express the position of the European Union after the Israeli military operations in Gaza, with regard, in particular, to full compliance with Article 2 of the Association Agreement; 6. Calls on the Quartet (UN, EU, USA and Russia) to act urgently for the resumption of negotiations; 7. Shares the view of the UN Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, that the key to the solution of the Middle East conflict is the creation of a viable Palestinian state within the 1967 borders, with East Jerusalem as its capital; 8. Repeats its call on the Israeli Government to ∙ put an immediate end to the blockade on Gaza, in particular by reopening the border to Egypt and guaranteeing free movement for persons and goods at Rafah, Karni and other border crossings; ∙ release Palestinian ministers, elected parliamentarians and mayors; ∙ stop work on and dismantle the ‘separation wall’ by which Palestinian land is confiscated and annexed, as requested by the International Court of Justice; ∙ negotiate the exchange of prisoners without delay, so as to set free the Israeli soldier and the Palestinian prisoners; 9. Repeats its call on the Palestinian militias immediately to cease firing rockets into Israeli territory; 10. Reiterates its support for the efforts made by the President of the Palestinian Authority and the other national forces to promote a national dialogue between the Palestinian parties and to set up a new Palestinian government of national unity on the basis of the document on national reconciliation promoted by Marwan Barghouti and other political prisoners; 11. Calls on the EU to resume financial cooperation with the Palestinian National Authority; 12. Underlines Israel's accountability for the damage to civil infrastructure; insists that Israel must pay for the costs of reconstruction; 13. Reiterates the right of all people in the region to live in security and peace; recalls the plan put forward by the Arab League in 2002, which proposes that all countries in the region normalise their relations with