that they do not ratify the Rome Statute. The US also put pressure on ACP states in order to ensure immunity for American citizens. This was the issue raised by Louis STRAKER , Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, Commerce and Trade (St Vincent and the Grenadines) and also underlined by several other delegates. Genowefa GRABOWSKA (PES, Poland) also criticised the decision of the US to suspend aid to countries which have ratified the Statute. Marie-Arlette CARLOTTI (PES, France) asked the Commission what they were doing to compensate for financial loss in these countries. Rob DAVIES MP (South Africa) raised the same question and was even more critical in his comments, stating " multilateral institutions must work equally for both strong and weak countries. " Ljudmila NOVAK (EPP-ED, Slovenia) also stated that she was shocked by such agreements. She recalled the constant support of the European Parliament in the creation of the ICC. Kolawolé A IDJI (Benin), asked for information to be circulated relating to pressure put on certain countries in order for bilateral agreements on immunity. He admitted that certain states did not know how to resist such pressure. In his response, Mr Kirsch stated that as a judge it was difficult to answer sensitive political questions. However, he recalled that the states did not have to conclude bilateral agreements in contradiction with their obligations resulting from the Statute. This was essentially a political question, stated Mr Kirsch, who considered that it was not for the Court to try and find a solution to this problem. Moreover, Article 98 of the Court Statute authorises states to respect the obligations which are incumbent on them in terms of immunity. It was possible, he said, for one of these bilateral agreements to be subjected to examination by the Court in terms of compatibility with Article 98 of the ICC. For this reason, Mr Kirsch did not publicly declare his point of view on this subject. Mr Kirsch also did not want to declare his position on the questions from Johan VAN HECKE (ALDE, BE) regarding the pressure exercised by the international community to finalise peace processes. He gave the example of the situation in Uganda and in the DRC. The Ugandan government, which had complained to the ICC, Mr van Hecke said, felt under pressure from NGOs and the EU to withdraw the complaint in order to finalise the