United Nations' Secretary General has called on African leaders to resolve the Zimbabwe crisis, H. whereas the country's political and economic situation has now been deteriorating for nine years and Zimbabweans continue to face serious food shortages, estimating that over 4.5 million suffer from malnutrition, I. whereas life expectancy in Zimbabwe is now among the lowest in the world at 43 for men and 42 for women, 20% of adults are HIV-positive, with over 3 200 people a week dying from the disease, creating the world's highest rate of orphans, J. whereas 80% of the population is living below the poverty line, the country has an unemployment rate of 80% in the formal sector and the few employed Zimbabweans do not earn enough to meet even their basic needs, suffering from massive deskilling, corruption, prohibitive school fees, and the collapse of the health system and vital services, K. whereas a third of Zimbabwe's people live within the borders of neighbouring countries and between three and five million Zimbabweans have fled to South Africa, many of them living in an irregular situation, L. whereas, according to the IMF, Zimbabwe's economy has contracted by 40% in the last decade; whereas Zimbabwe moved into technically defined 'hyperinflation' when its annualised inflation rate surged to 1000,000% in January 2008, M. whereas according to the Zimbabwean Chamber of Mines the gold mining sector, which is the country's biggest exporter and accounts for 52% of its mineral output, is facing collapse; whereas the Zimbabwe tobacco industry that accounts for approximately 50% of the country's foreign exchange is facing a similar position; and whereas agricultural productivity has fallen by 80% since 1998, N. whereas alarm is growing within the region at the repercussions of Zimbabwe's economic disaster on neighbouring countries, O. whereas the development of Africa is a priority for Western democracies, aid alone can achieve little and African governments are expected to commit to democracy, the rule of law and respect for human rights, P. whereas the African Union (AU), the Southern African Development Community (SADC) and in particular South Africa can make a vital contribution to resolving the crisis, whereas the SADC meeting on 13 April is an important step in this direction, calling for the immediate publication of results; regrets Mugabe's decision to not be part of the meeting, Q. whereas the Zimbabwe Parliament has since the entry in 2000 of the MDC party