Reply (19 April 2010) The negotiations on the draft Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) are conducted on the basis of a negotiating mandate adopted by the Council on 14 April 2008. The Trade Policy Committee, as well as certain other Committees, is regularly consulted and kept informed, on different questions that arise during these negotiations. The Council understands that the Commission also keeps the European Parliament informed on the state of play in negotiations, in particular, through the competent Committee on International Trade. Negotiations on the draft ACTA are still ongoing, which is why the Council is not yet in a position to comment in detail on the various issues under negotiation. The EU supports greater transparency in the negotiations and will lend its voice to those ACTA partners calling for the release of draft consolidated texts that do not disclose the positions of individual negotiating partners. We hope that this decision of the negotiating partners, which does not set a precedent for other trade negotiations, will help provide more open and comprehensive information to citizens, society, and parliaments. It is the Council's understanding that both the EU acquis and international commitments made by the EU and its Member States under existing international agreements are duly taken into account by the EU when negotiating the various ACTA chapters, with the aim of putting in place an efficient framework for international cooperation that would enhance the protection of intellectual property rights. The Treaty gives the European Parliament a right to be kept fully and immediately informed through the progress of negotiations. In any case, the European Parliament will have the opportunity to examine the issue dealt with in the text of the agreement, when called upon to give its consent at the stage of conclusion of the agreement. Notwithstanding Member States’ own internal requirements for consultation of their national parliaments as regards the ACTA negotiations, the Council notes that the Treaty does not provide for consultation of national parliaments at the stage of negotiating or concluding an international agreement in the area of trade, such as the draft ACTA. The question as to the final nature of the agreement (mixed or not) will be determined in accordance with the Treaty once the Council and the Commission dispose of the final negotiating text. If the agreement would become a mixed agreement, the Member States will have to ratify it in accordance with their