responsible may decide to appoint a rapporteur to follow the preparatory phase of the proposal. Consultations by the Council or requests from the Commission for an opinion shall be forwarded by the President to the committee responsible for consideration of the proposal concerned. The provisions for the first reading as set out in Rules 36 to 42, 53 to 59 and 71 shall apply to proposals for legislative acts whether they require one, two or three readings. 2. Council positions shall be referred for consideration to the committee responsible at the first reading. The provisions for the second reading as set out in Rules 61 to 66 and 72 shall apply to Council positions. 3. During the conciliation procedure between Parliament and the Council following the second reading, no referral back to committee shall take place. The provisions for the third reading as set out in Rules 67, 68 and 69 shall apply to the conciliation procedure. 4. Rules 45, 46, 49, 55(1) and (3), 56, 57 and 175 shall not apply during the second and third readings. 5. In the event of a conflict between a provision of the Rules of Procedure relating to the second and third readings and any other provision of the Rules, the provision relating to the second and third readings shall take precedence. Rule 44 Legislative procedures on initiatives originating from Member States 1. Initiatives originating from Member States pursuant to Article 76 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union shall be dealt with pursuant to this Rule and Rules 36 to 39, 43 and 55. 2. The committee responsible may invite representatives of the originating Member States to present their initiative to the committee. The representatives may be accompanied by the Presidency of the Council. 3. Before the committee responsible proceeds to the vote, it shall ask the Commission whether it is preparing an opinion on the initiative. In the affirmative, the committee shall not adopt its report before receiving the Commission’s opinion. 4. When two or more proposals originating from the Commission and/or the Member States with the same legislative objective have been submitted to Parliament simultaneously or within a short period of time, Parliament shall deal with them in a single report. In its report, the committee responsible shall indicate to which text it has proposed amendments and it shall refer to all other texts in the legislative