the current GNI-based resource. In the end one of the few speakers to support a European tax was Pia Noora Kauppi (EPP-ED, FI), who regarded it as the "only option not linked to the competition principle". Italian MP Giuseppe Vegas was also in favour of a European tax but in a context of national "participation". The idea of an environmental tax resource did not garner unanimous backing either. Slovenian MP Milenko Ziheri agreed with the principle, unlike Proinsias De Rossa (PES, IE), who said "This resource will diminish if progress is made on environmental protection and that would not be desirable". Others, including Mr Vegas, highlighted the adverse effect which this type of tax could have on businesses in the EU. Helga Trüpel (Greens/EFA, DE) believed such taxes were "indispensable" because of the "disastrous" state of the climate. A combination of several options was another possibility raised at the meeting. Ms Trüpel, for example, proposed a mix of "1% of VAT and a tax on CO2, plus a standard national contribution". Former Finnish MEP Astrid Thors argued that the public could accept one new form of tax but not two at the same time. EP to produce report in March 2007 In the end there is every chance that the main "winner" in the own resources debate will be the "GNI resource", i.e. the "national contribution" paid by each Member State to the Community budget. "Do not think that the fruit of our labours in this forum will necessarily be the exclusion of this resource", warned Lord Grenfell of the British House of Lords. Catherine Guy-Quint (PES, FR), co-chair of the meeting, was disappointed that no-one had put forward the argument of "European added value" and she stressed that current Community policies should not all be rejected so radically. Alain Lamassoure proposed that the debate between the EP and national parliaments should continue over the coming months. The EP is scheduled to adopt an own-initiative report on own-resources in March 2007. A fundamental review of the Community budget is planned for 2008-09, both for revenue and expenditure, in line with decisions of the European Council taken in December 2005. Unanimity is required in the Council to modify the own-resources system. 2006-12-04 Committee on Budgets Co-chair Catherine Guy-Quint PES FR Co-chair Michael Link Bundestag DE Interparliamentary meeting on the future of Europe, 4 and 5 December 2006 20061204IPR00920 Le site de