or person with reduced mobility. Justification If a disabled person or a PRM is refused to access on his or her own because of his disability or reduced mobility, he or she should have the right to be accompanied by another person. The same holds true for cases where the carrier cannot provide the assistance on board required according to Annex Ib. Amendment 28 Council position – amending act Article 11 - paragraph 2 Council position Amendment 2. The access conditions provided for in paragraph 1 shall be made publicly available by carriers and terminal managing bodies physically or on the Internet in the same languages as those in which information is generally made available to all passengers. 2. The access conditions provided for in paragraph 1 shall be made publicly available by carriers and terminal managing bodies in accessible formats , and in the same languages as those in which information is generally made available to all passengers. When providing this information particular attention shall be paid to the needs of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility . Justification It is important that the information is provided in accessible formats and that particular attention is paid to the need s of disabled persons and PRM. The amendment is based on the text adopted by the EP at first reading. Amendment 29 Council position – amending act Article 11 - paragraph 2 a (new) Council position Amendment 2a. Upon request the carriers shall immediately make available copies of the international, Union or national law s establishing the safety requirements, on which non-discriminatory access rules are based. These must be provided in accessible formats. Justification This amendment re-introduces a paragraph deleted by Council. Amendment 30 Council position – amending act Article 13 - paragraph 1 Council position Amendment 1. Subject to the access conditions provided for in Article 11(1), carriers and terminal managing bodies shall, within their respective areas of competence, at terminals designated by Member States, provide assistance free of charge to disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility as specified in part (a) of Annex I. 1. Carriers and terminal managing bodies shall, within their respective areas of competence, at terminals designated by Member States, provide assistance free of charge to disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility, at least to the extent specified in part (a) of Annex I. Justification Obligations to provide assistance according to the