P5_TA(2000)0085 Insolvency proceedings * A5-0039/2000 Initiative of the Federal Republic of Germany and the Republic of Finland with a view to the adoption of a Council regulation on insolvency proceedings (9178/1999 - C5-0069/1999 - 1999/0806(CNS) ) The initiative was amended as follows: Text of initiative OJ C 221, 3.8.1999, p. 8. Amendments by Parliament (Amendment 1) Recital 10 (10) This Regulation applies equally to all proceedings, whether the debtor is a natural person or a legal person, a trader or an individual. Insolvency proceedings concerning insurance undertakings, credit institutions, investment undertakings holding funds or securities for third parties and collective investment undertakings are excluded from the scope of this Regulation. Such undertakings are not covered by the Regulation since they are subject to special arrangements and, to some extent, the national supervisory authorities have extremely wide-ranging powers of intervention; (10) This Regulation applies equally to all proceedings, whether the debtor is a natural person or a legal person, a trader or an individual. Insolvency proceedings concerning insurance undertakings, credit institutions, investment undertakings holding funds or securities for third parties and collective investment undertakings are excluded from the scope of this Regulation. Such undertakings are not covered by the Regulation since they are subject to special arrangements and, to some extent, the national supervisory authorities have extremely wide-ranging powers of intervention. With regard to insurance undertakings, however, special arrangements exist only for the original (direct) insurers . In the case of insolvency proceedings relating to a reinsurer, therefore, the general rules laid down in this regulation apply ; (Amendment 2) Recital 13 (13) Insolvency proceedings may be opened in the Member State where the debtor has the centre of his main interests. Main insolvency proceedings have universal scope, they aim at encompassing all the debtor's assets on a world-wide basis and at affecting all creditors, wherever located. The centre of main interests is taken as meaning a place with which a debtor regularly has very close contacts, in which his manifold commercial interests are concentrated and in which the bulk of his assets is for the most part situated. The creditor is also very familiar with that place. (13) Insolvency proceedings may be opened in the Member State where the debtor has the centre of his main interests. Main insolvency proceedings have universal scope, they aim at encompassing all the debtor's assets on a world-wide basis , while preserving the legal