1. the control of the implementation of the budget of the Union and of the European Development Fund, and the decisions on discharge to be taken by Parliament, including the internal discharge procedure and all other measures accompanying or implementing such decisions; 2. the closure, presenting and auditing of the accounts and balance sheets of the Union, its institutions and any bodies financed by it, including the establishment of appropriations to be carried over and the settling of balances; 3. the control of the financial activities of the European Investment Bank; 4. monitoring the cost-effectiveness of the various forms of Union financing in the implementation of the Union's policies; 5. consideration of fraud and irregularities in the implementation of the budget of the Union, measures aiming at preventing and prosecuting such cases, and the protection of the Union's financial interests in general; 6. relations with the Court of Auditors, the appointment of its members and consideration of its reports; 7. the Financial Regulation as far as the implementation, management and control of the budget are concerned. VI. Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee responsible for: 1. the economic and monetary policies of the Union, the functioning of Economic and Monetary Union and the European monetary and financial system (including relations with the relevant institutions or organisations); 2. the free movement of capital and payments (cross-border payments, single payment area, balance of payments, capital movements and borrowing and lending policy, control of movements of capital originating in third countries, measures to encourage the export of the Union's capital); 3. the international monetary and financial system (including relations with financial and monetary institutions and organisations); 4. rules on competition and State or public aid; 5. tax provisions; 6. the regulation and supervision of financial services, institutions and markets including financial reporting, auditing, accounting rules, corporate governance and other company law matters specifically concerning financial services. VII. Committee on Employment and Social Affairs Committee responsible for: 1. employment policy and all aspects of social policy such as working conditions, social security and social protection; 2. health and safety measures at the workplace; 3. the European Social Fund; 4. vocational training policy, including professional qualifications; 5. the free movement of workers and pensioners; 6. social dialogue; 7. all forms of discrimination at the workplace and in the labour market except those based on sex; 8. relations with: - the European Centre for the