achieve a high level of collection of WEEE, particularly for cooling and freezing equipment containing ozone-depleting substances and fluorinated greenhouse gases, given their high environmental impact and in view of the obligations contained in Regulation (EC) No 1005/2009 and Regulation (EC) No 842/2006. Data included in the impact assessment show that 65% of EEE placed on the market is already separately collected today, but more than half of this potentially leaks to improper treatment and illegal exports , or is treated properly but the amounts treated are not reported . This leads to losses of valuable secondary raw materials , environmental degradation and provision of inconsistent data . To avoid this, it is necessary to set an ambitious collection target , oblige all actors that collect WEEE to ensure it is treated in an environmentally sound way, and require such actors to report the volumes collected, handled and treated . It is of fundamental importance that Member States ensure that this Directive is effectively enforced, in particular as regards checks on used EEE shipped out of the Union . It is appropriate to lay down minimum requirements for shipments of used EEE suspected to be WEEE, in the application of which Member States may have regard to any relevant Correspondents' Guidelines elaborated in the context of the implementation of Regulation (EC) No 1013/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 on shipments of waste. Justification Reinstatement of Parliament’s first-reading position. The provision of consistent data is important if the directive is to be enforced and its application monitored. All actors involved in collection and treatment must comply with the directive. Supervision of the transport of WEEE is fundamental in order to clamp down on illegal shipments. Amendment 7 Council position Recital 15 a (new) Council position Amendment (15a) The Scientific Committee on Emerging and Newly Identified Health Risks stated in its opinion on ‘Risk Assessment of Products of Nanotechnology’ of 19 January 2009 that exposure to nanomaterials that are firmly embedded in large structures, for example in electronic circuits, may occur in the waste phase and during recycling. To control possible risks to human health and the environment from the treatment of WEEE containing nanomaterials, selective treatment may be necessary. It is appropriate for the Commission to assess whether selective treatment should be applied to relevant nanomaterials. Justification Nanomaterials are being used more and more