of State support represents the market price to achieve the desired result. Amendment 7 Recital 11 (11) However, if any particular aid to a manager of infrastructure does not fall under this presumption of compatibility, it should still be permitted as compatible with the EC Treaty to the extent it is necessary to enable the realisation of the project or activity concerned and provided it does not give rise to a distortion of competition to an extent contrary to the common interest. By way of example, state support for the construction and operation of combined transport terminal infrastructure liable to attract significant traffic flows from competing terminals instead of leading to modal shift from road to environmentally friendly modes of transport, is deemed to distort competition to an extent contrary to the common interest. (11) However, if any particular aid to a manager of infrastructure does not fall under this presumption of compatibility, it should still be permitted as compatible with the Treaty to the extent it is necessary to enable the realisation of the project or activity concerned and provided it does not give rise to a distortion of competition to an extent contrary to the common interest. By way of example, state support for the construction and operation of combined transport terminal infrastructure liable to attract significant traffic flows from competing terminals instead of leading to modal shift from road to environment-friendly modes of transport, is deemed under the present circumstances to distort competition to an extent contrary to the common interest. Amendment 8 Recital 11 a (new) (11a) A shift towards more environment-friendly transport is part of the common transport policy and can therefore be considered as being in the common interest . Amendment 9 Recital 11 b (new) (11b) More environment-friendly alternatives may eventually become available within a given transport mode as a result of technological innovation. These should therefore not be precluded from receiving State aid. A certain mode of transport may also become more environment- friendly than another mode which is currently more environment-friendly. Schemes must be sufficiently flexible to encourage technological innovation, and new environment-friendly inventions must always be eligible for State aid. Amendment 10 Recital 13 a (new) (13a) Putting a sustainable transport system in place implies the introduction of a proactive modal shift policy, displacing road transport towards rail, sea or inland waterway transport. Amendment 11 Recital 14 (14) With regard