News Report : 20-01-2005 Brussels, 20 January 2005 How to make REACH more workable: many experts in search of answer Better health and environmental protection, smoother functioning of the internal market and a sensible regulatory framework for the chemicals industry - these were the goals on which a wide-ranging forum of MEPs, Commissioners, ministers and specialists were able to agree at a public hearing on the reform of EU chemicals legislation known as REACH. The hearing on Wednesday, organised by the three committees responsible for REACH in Parliament, attracted an audience of around 1000 people: representatives of industry and NGOs as well as ordinary members of the public. One of the key issues the MEPs were keen to clarify was if and when the Commission would come up with a new version of its proposal on REACH. Speaking on behalf of the Environment Committee, Chairman Karl-Heinz FLORENZ (EPP-ED, DE) said in his concluding remarks that he would like to interpret the Commission's possible intention of doing this as "a move in our direction" . During the hearing, the Commission gave slightly confusing information about the timing of possible changes to its draft text (whether these would come before or after Parliament's first reading). Mr Florenz said in any case these new features should be seen more as a "new roadmap" which MEPs will be involved in drawing up with the Commission. What is REACH? Current EU law on chemicals distinguishes between "existing substances", i.e. those already on the market in September 1981, and "new substances", i.e. those put on the market since that date. The "new substances" (of which there are about 3,000) are supposed to be tested for possible environmental and health risks. "Existing substances" are not subject to the same testing requirements. There are estimated to be around 30,000 substances in the latter category and there is a lack of publicly available knowledge about their properties and uses. To remedy this situation the European Commission has put forward a proposal called REACH ( R egistration, E valuation and A uthorisation of CH emicals) to overhaul the existing legislation. REACH would replace over 40 existing directives and regulations. It comes under the codecision procedure, and both the legislative institutions - Parliament and Council - are currently working on it. Parliament's first reading is expected in early autumn. Under REACH, companies that manufacture or import more than one tonne of