the quality and safety of human organs and which may be attributed to the testing, characterisation, procurement, preservation and transport of organs, as well as any serious adverse reaction observed during or after transplantation which may be connected to those activities. Justification Characterisation is also included under the scope - Article 2(1). Procurement should move after testing in order to follow the clinical process. Amendment 58 Proposal for a directive Article 12 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 12a Third Parties 1. Procurement organisations and transplantation centres may conclude written agreements with third parties for the carrying out of their functions. 2. Where procurement organisations and transplantation centres enter into written agreements as referred to in paragraph 1 , they shall: (a) evaluate and select third parties on the basis of their ability to meet the standards laid down in this Directive; (b) keep a complete list of the agreements referred to in paragraph 1 that they have concluded with third parties; (c) specify the responsibilities of the third parties and detailed procedures; (d) provide copies of agreements with third parties at the request of the Competent Authority. ((These arrangements were foreseen in the Tissues and Cells Directive, see Article 24 of Directive 2004/23/EC.) ) Justification There are likely to be activities which procurement organisations or transplant centres need to carry out that they would like to be carried out by third parties either now or in the future, for example the running of IT systems. This Article would ensure that these third parties comply with the quality and safety standards set out in this Directive. Amendment 59 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall ensure that donations of human organs from deceased and living donors are voluntary and unpaid. 1. Member States shall ensure that donations of human organs from deceased and living donors are altruistic, voluntary and unpaid. Justification Organ donation is a gift based on solidarity and compassion for a fellow human being. Not to require an organ donation to be altruistic means to belittle the gift and the dignity of the deceased or living donor. The European Parliament acknowledged this specific requirement already in its resolution of 22 April 2008 (Resolution on organ donation and transplantation ( A6-0090/2008 ), § 22) and the Commission took it up in § 23 of