offences is a child, within the meaning of the International Convention on the Rights of the Child, and cases where the perpetrator's activities are directed at people who are very easily influenced, the sentence can be increased . Justification It is by no means clear what precisely is intended by the original text. The amendment proposed seeks to clarify the provision and extend it to cover persons having a duty of care towards minors. This amendment seeks to incorporate into the decision the overriding interests of the child as a victim of discrimination and also as somebody who can easily be influenced using racist or xenophobic messages. This special vulnerability of children, which justifies aggravating the sentence, is emphasised in paragraphs 72 and 91 of the Durban Declaration, adopted in September 2001. Amendment 16 Article 11 Each Member State shall ensure that investigations into or prosecution of offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 shall not be dependent on the report or accusation made by a victim of the offence, at least in cases where offences referred to in Article 4, paragraphs (a), (e) and (f) have been committed in its territory . Each Member State may provide that investigations into or prosecution of offences shall, at least in cases referred to in Article 4 , paragraphs (a), (e) and (f) in conjunction with Article 2, not be exclusively dependent on the report or accusation made by a victim of the offence. Each Member State shall ensure that victims of racist or xenophobic offences have full access to information, aid facilities, effective protection, appropriate legal remedies and legal assistance. Justification Follows from amendments 9 and 10 and clarifies the actual legally binding effect of the Article. In the interests of subsidiarity it should be up to the competent authorities in each MS to decide how to conduct their prosecutions. Whilst the intention of the provision here is welcomed it is too proscriptive as it stands. This amendment also seeks to strengthen the effectiveness of the framework decision by facilitating the action taken by victims, as recommended in particular by paragraph 160 of the Durban plan of action. Amendment 17 Article 12, paragraph 1 1. Each Member State shall establish its jurisdiction with regard to the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 where the offence has been committed: (a) in whole or in part within its territory; or