Answer given by Mr Barroso on behalf of the Commission (30 August 2011) The proportion of national legislation that has its source in EC law is difficult to assess accurately for a variety of reasons. The situation is not the same in all areas of policy. The influence of EU legislation is important in areas such as agriculture and the environment, but limited in areas such as human health, education and policing and law enforcement. The situation is further complicated, as some EU measures are directly applicable in the Member States, while others require incorporation into national law. This can be done in a variety of ways in which national parliaments have a role to play according to Member States constitutions. This means that in any particular area the share of European legislation may vary significantly from one Member State to another. Another relevant issue here is that the number and volume of legal acts is unlikely to be an appropriate indicator of the impact of legislation. Implementing legislation may be extensive and detailed in areas of merely technical interest, but short and scarce in areas affecting decisively the lives of citizens. For these reasons, such a quantitative assessment of EC law is considered to be of limited value, and the Commission has not undertaken a systematic analysis. The Commission has of course taken note of studies realised in the Member States or by academic circles, but is not in a position to verify their outcome. Similar reasoning as outlined in the paragraphs above applies to a quantitative assessment of implementing and delegated acts: they cover various types of measures in terms of their nature (non-legislative acts of general application, decisions designed to regulate a specific legal situation or decisions to approve project financing in the context of Union programmes etc.), their frequency (in many cases, implementing measures need to be adopted on a regular basis, e.g. in order to quickly respond to changes in a specific market), or their political, economic or financial importance. The Commission agrees with the Honourable Member on the importance to convey better to citizens what impact the European Union has on their lives. Therefore, the institution gives greater priority to strengthening the communication with citizens and explaining the EU added value of the policies it proposes.