facilitate exchanges between maritime training institutions based on the Erasmus model. Amendment 21 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 10 (10) The Agency has established itself as the authoritative provider of maritime traffic data at EU level which are of interest and relevance in other EU activities. Through its activities, in particular regarding port state control, the monitoring of maritime traffic and shipping routes as well as assistance for tracking possible polluters, the Agency should contribute to reinforce synergies at EU level regarding certain coastguard operations. In addition, the Agency's data monitoring and collection should also gather basic information on potential threats to maritime transport and the marine environment from offshore oil and gas exploration and production. (10) The Agency has established itself as the authoritative provider of maritime traffic data at EU level which are of interest and relevance in other EU activities. Through its activities, in particular regarding port state control, the monitoring of maritime traffic and shipping routes as well as assistance for tracking possible polluters, the Agency should contribute to reinforce synergies at EU level regarding operations designed to prevent and combat marine pollution, encouraging the exchange of information and best practice among the various coastguard services . In addition, the Agency's data monitoring and collection should also gather basic information for example on piracy and on potential threats to maritime transport and the marine environment from offshore oil and gas exploration, production and transport. Amendment 22 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 10 a (new) (10a) In order to counter the growing risk of piracy in the Gulf of Aden and the Western Indian Ocean, the Agency must forward to the EU Naval Force operation Atalanta detailed information about the position of EU-flag vessels transiting through these areas, which is classified as very dangerous. Hitherto, not all Member States have given permission for such activity. This Regulation should compel them to do so, in order to enhance the role of the Agency in combating piracy. Amendment 23 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 11 a (new) (11a) In the area of port state control, the Union is working closely with the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control. In order to maximise efficiency, the Agency and the Secretariat of the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control should cooperate as closely as possible, while the Commission and