1995 along with the Toronto Raptors as part of the NBA's expansion into Canada.", " The Grizzlies and the Raptors became the first non-United States teams to join the NBA since 1946.", " After spending six seasons in Vancouver, the Grizzlies relocated to Memphis in the .", " The Grizzlies have played their home games at the FedExForum since 2004.", " The Grizzlies were owned by Michael Heisley and several locals including J. R. Hyde, Andy Cates, and Elliot Perry." ] ], [ "2007–08 Memphis Grizzlies season", [ "The 2007–08 Memphis Grizzlies season was their 13th season in the National Basketball Association and seventh in Memphis.", " The Memphis Grizzlies failed to qualify for the Playoffs for the second straight season.", " They finished 14th in the Western Conference with an awful record of 22-60, being only marginally better than the 20-62 Seattle SuperSonics." ] ], [ "David Mincberg", [ "David H. Mincberg is the Director of Scouting for the Memphis Grizzlies (National Basketball Association).", " Mincberg has a law degree from the University of California Berkeley and worked on the acquisitions of both the Grizzlies and D.C. United (Major League Soccer) before serving as the in-house counsel for both organizations.", " In his capacity as team counsel for D.C. United, Mincberg was tasked with negotiating a deal to secure a new stadium for D.C. United, which would allow the franchise to remain in D.C.", " In July 2013, after working closely with City Administrator Allen Lew, Mincberg helped DC United strike a deal with the city of Washington, D.C. that was heralded as \"likely to give (the) franchise the kick it needs.\"", " In his capacity as team counsel for the Memphis Grizzlies, Mincberg was involved with the team's business operations, basketball operations, and ownership group.", " He played an active role in the team's player personnel decisions, draft process, and scouting." ] ], [ "James Ennis (basketball)", [ "James Alfred Ennis III (born July 1, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association (NBA).", " He played two years of Division 1 college basketball for Long Beach State, where he became a standout as a senior, earning Big West Player of the Year honors.", " After being selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the second round of the 2013 NBA draft, Ennis moved to Australia and joined the Perth Wildcats.",