and concrete start to such dialogue and cooperation, F. concerned nevertheless about the fact that the Chinese government appears intent on forcibly separating 11,000 mainland-born children of Hong Kong permanent residents from their parents by removing them to the mainland, G. whereas the Olympic Games to be held in China in 2008 could prove a major opportunity for the deepening of cooperation in all fields if China puts an end to human rights violations and makes substantial progress in the democratisation of its political system, H. whereas the human rights situation in China still causes serious concern, as the crackdown on fundamental freedoms continues and torture, ill-treatment, arbitrary detention and executions are still used to punish peaceful dissent and against religious communities, Introduction 1. Welcomes the Commission communication; 2. Welcomes the new progress made in developing EU-China relations over the last three years; 3. Takes note of China's positive response to the communication and urges China to take the necessary concrete steps to demonstrate its willingness to tackle a broad swathe of issues which are of major concern to the EU; 4. Welcomes China's support in the international fight against terrorism and, in particular, its recent rapprochement with India over mutual security issues, in spite of long-standing territorial disputes and notwithstanding its long-term friendship with Pakistan; stresses, however, that anti-terrorist measures can never excuse human rights abuses, such as repression of ethnic groups and religious communities; 5. Welcomes China's undertaking to assist in the reconstruction of Afghanistan; believes that this project could serve as a specific benchmark for cooperation between China and the EU; 6. Recalls its resolution of 13 June 2001 on the Commission working document: Perspectives and Priorities for the ASEM Process (Asia Europe Meeting) into the new decade ( COM(2000) 24 l - C5-0505/2000 - 2000/2243(COS)) OJ C 53 E, 28.2.2002, p.227. ; urges the Chinese Government to take a more favourable attitude to the early enlargement of ASEM, in particular as regards India and other countries; 7. Recognises that the partnership between the EU and China on the basis of equal status and mutual advantage has expanded considerably in recent years; notes that it is necessary, however, in order to consolidate these relations on the basis of partnership, to strengthen and further develop dialogue in the political, economic, scientific and cultural fields; 8. Notes the need for an intense cultural dialogue between Europe and China; proposes