Answer given by Vice President Tajani on behalf of the Commission (9 April 2010) Requirements for the installation of mirrors and other devices for indirect vision on new cars, trucks and buses sold on the EU market are currently contained in Directive 2003/97/EC OJ L 25, 29.1.2004, p. 1. (as amended by 2005/27/EC OJ L 81, 30.3.2005, p. 44. ). Alternatively, vehicles, mirrors or other vision devices may be approved to United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) Regulation 46, which is technically equivalent to the above Directive. In future, as part of the simplification process introduced by the regulation on the General Safety of Motor Vehicles (EC) 661/2009 OJ L 200 31.7.2009, p.1 , UNECE Regulation 46 will be the only standard that applies. Within the working group that is responsible for the development of UNECE Regulation 46, the possibility of improving this regulation with the aim of reducing or eliminating the ‘blind spot’ that exists on many heavy vehicles, is currently under discussion. It is not the purpose of this group to mandate the use of particular products or technologies. However, it is envisaged that, based on the results of available research on driver visibility, it should be possible to extend the area around the vehicle which must be visible to the driver, either through the use of additional mirrors or by means of other devices such as camera/monitor systems. Once agreement has been reached on a revised version of Regulation 46, it will be incorporated into EU type approval legislation, subject to the agreement of suitable lead times to allow manufacturers the opportunity to adapt their designs. With regard to the design of the driver's cab itself, it is possible that improvements could be made to the visibility available from the driver's seating position by, for example, increasing the glass area. However, any such increase in visibility needs to be balanced against the risk of reducing the protection offered by the cab structure in the event of an accident.