issue including the use of available local personnel or the training of such personnel; 16. Decides to continue the funding for the prevention of poverty diseases (including the neglected diseases); invites the Council to increase by 10% the envelope provided for the fight against HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis. PROCEDURE Title The draft general budget of the European Union for the financial year 2006 - Section III - Commission Procedure number 2005/2001(BUD) Committee responsible BUDG Committee asked for its opinion Date announced in plenary DEVE Enhanced cooperation Drafts(wo)man Date appointed Nirj Deva 2.12.2004 Discussed in committee 5.10.2005 5.9.2005 Date suggestions adopted 5.10.2005 Result of final vote for: against: abstentions 24 1 0 Members present for the final vote Alessandro Battilocchio, Thierry Cornillet, Fernando Fernández Martín, Michael Gahler, Hélène Goudin, Filip Andrzej Kaczmarek, Glenys Kinnock, Ģirts Valdis Kristovskis, Maria Martens, Miguel Angel Martínez Martínez, Gay Mitchell, Toomas Savi, Frithjof Schmidt, Pierre Schapira, Jürgen Schröder, Margrietus van den Berg, María Elena Valenciano Martínez-Orozco, Paul Verges, Jan Zahradil, Mauro Zani Substitutes present for the final vote Milan Gaľa, Alain Hutchinson, Linda McAvan, Manolis Mavrommatis, Karin Scheele, Anders Wijkman, Substitutes under Rule 178(2) present for the final vote 12.9.2005 OPINION of the Committee on International Trade for the Committee on Budgets on the draft general budget of the European Union for the financial year 2006 ( C6-0299/2005 - 2005/2001(BUD) ) Section III - Commission Draftsman: David Martin SHORT JUSTIFICATION The rationale behind the proposal of a new budget line: "Aid for Trade" Trade and trade liberalisation are not ends in themselves. Opening up trade between developed and developing countries can be a powerful driver of economic growth, which is indispensable for reducing poverty. If Africa, for instance, could gain an additional 1% of global trade, such increase would deliver seven times more income every year than the continent currently receives in aid. In other words, trade liberalisation is a necessary condition but not a sufficient one. Many developing countries are ill-equipped to take advantage of their new export potential. Trade requires accompanying measures, even more so as it enters the new areas of services, investment and IPR. Trade-related assistance (TRA) aims precisely at bridging that gap. The proposed line has been largely defined according to the criteria included in the Doha Development Agenda Trade Capacity Database (TCBDB) and the Guidelines for European Commission Trade Related Assistance. It is intended to support 4 categories of actions: