to occasional visitors. 2. Passes shall only be renewed if the holders have fulfilled the obligations referred to in Rule 9(4). Any dispute by a Member as to the activity of a representative or lobby shall be referred to the Quaestors, who shall look into the matter and may decide whether to maintain or withdraw the pass concerned. 3. Passes shall not, under any circumstances, entitle holders to attend meetings of Parliament or its bodies other than those declared open to the public and shall not, in this case, entitle the holder to derogations from access rules applicable to all other Union citizens. Article 2 Assistants 1. At the beginning of each parliamentary term the Quaestors shall determine the maximum number of assistants who may be registered by each Member. Upon taking up their duties, registered assistants shall make a written declaration of their professional activities and any other remunerated functions or activities. 2. They shall have access to Parliament under the same conditions as staff of the Secretariat or the political groups. 3. All other persons, including those working directly with Members, shall only have access to Parliament under the conditions laid down in Rule 9(4). Article 3 Code of conduct 1. In the context of their relations with Parliament, the persons whose names appear in the register provided for in Rule 9(4) shall: (a) comply with the provisions of Rule 9 and this Annex; (b) state the interest or interests they represent in contacts with Members of Parliament, their staff or officials of Parliament; (c) refrain from any action designed to obtain information dishonestly; (d) not claim any formal relationship with Parliament in any dealings with third parties; (e) not circulate for a profit to third parties copies of documents obtained from Parliament; (f) comply strictly with the provisions of Annex I, Article 2, second paragraph; (g) satisfy themselves that any assistance provided in accordance with the provisions of Annex I, Article 2 is declared in the appropriate register; (h) comply with the provisions of the Staff Regulations when recruiting former officials of the institutions; (i) comply with any rules laid down by Parliament on the rights and responsibilities of former Members; (j) in order to avoid possible conflicts of interest, obtain the prior consent of the Member or Members concerned as regards any contractual relationship with or employment of a Member's assistant, and subsequently satisfy themselves that