a (new) (7a) The Agency provides Member States with detailed information about cases of pollution by ships to enable them to fulfil their responsibilities under Directive 2005/35 of the European Parliament and the Council 1 . However the effectiveness of enforcement and the penalties vary greatly despite such pollution having the potential to end up in other national waters. ________________ 1. OJ L 255, 30.9.2005, p. 11. Amendment 14 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 8 (8) Recent events highlighted the risks of offshore oil and gas exploration and production activities to maritime transport and the marine environment. The use of the Agency's response capabilities should be explicitly extended to cover response to pollution originating from such activities. In addition, the Agency should assist the Commission in analysing the safety of mobile offshore gas and oil installations, in order to identify possible weaknesses, basing its contribution on the expertise it has developed with regard to maritime safety, maritime security, the prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. (8) Recent events highlighted the risks of offshore oil and gas exploration and production activities to maritime transport and the marine environment. The use of the Agency's capabilities should be explicitly extended to cover pollution originating from such activities. In addition, the Agency should assist the Commission in analysing the safety of offshore gas and oil installations, in order to identify possible weaknesses, basing its contribution on the expertise it has developed with regard to maritime safety, maritime security, the prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. This additional role, which offers European added value by making use of the Agency's existing knowledge and expertise, should be accompanied by appropriate financial and staff resources. Amendment 15 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 8 a (new) (8a) In particular, the Agency's CleanSeaNet system, which is currently used to provide photographic evidence of oil spills from ships, should also be used to detect and report oil spills from coastal and offshore installations. Amendment 16 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 8 b (new) (8b) With a view to achieving the single market, short-distance maritime transport should be used as much as possible and the administrative burden on shipping should be reduced. The ‘Blue Belt’ project will help to reduce the reporting formalities required from commercial shipping on entering or leaving ports