Answer given by Mr Bolkestein on behalf of the Commission (25 October 2004) 1. Council Directive of 27 October 2003 restructuring the Community framework for the taxation of energy products and electricity Directive 2003/96/EC – OJ L 283, of 31.10.2003 only introduced minimum levels, and not average levels, of excise duty applicable to energy products to be used as motor fuel by all means of transport. In practice, most Member States apply much higher levels of taxation than the minimum levels provided for by the Directive. Therefore the impact of Community law on the average taxation rates concerning energy products used as motor fuels is limited. As a consequence, it does not seem meaningful to estimate such average levels for energy products used for aviation. 2. As mentioned above, no estimates have so far been made for the purpose of bringing the taxation of aviation fuel into line with the average level of taxation of fuel for terrestrial means of transport. This is not necessary for the time being as the above mentioned Directive provides, in Article 14, that Member States shall exempt from taxation energy products supplied for use as fuel for the purpose of air navigation, other than in private pleasure-flying. If such an average taxation level was fixed, it would be easy to calculate the additional cost from fuel for aviation and for the particular distances mentioned by the Honourable Member of the Parliament, as this cost is directly linked to the amount of fuel consumed by each particular type of carrier. 3. The Directive on taxation of energy products includes provisions which allow, for the first time, Member States to tax aviation fuel used for domestic flights and, subject to mutual agreement between the States concerned, fuel used for intra-Community flights. In doing so, Member States are allowed to apply a level of taxation below the minimum level set out in the Directive. Although taxation of aviation fuel is possible in these two particular cases, the Commission has not received information so far that any Member State has decided to apply such an excise duty on aviation fuel. The Commission and all but two Member States agreed during the discussions which preceded the adoption of the Directive on taxation of energy products that, as a matter of principle, commercial aircraft fuel should be taxed on the same basis as any other fuel. They also agreed that