Tibetan refugees, N. whereas no member of the state security forces or the former Maoist combatants has so far been held criminally responsible for the grave and systematic abuses of the laws of war committed during the conflict, O. whereas the European Parliament's Delegation for relations with South Asia undertook a mission to Kathmandu in the crucial period of 23-29 May 2010, 1. Expresses deep concern about the non-existence of a permanent constitution based on democratic values and human rights and expresses its solidarity with the Nepali people and all families who have lost relatives through the violence of recent years; 2. Welcomes the last-minute decision on 28 May 2010 by the political parties to take the necessary steps to extend the tenure of the CA, and commends notably the important influence of the Women's Caucus; 3. Urges the CA and all the political actors involved to negotiate without preconditions, to show flexibility, to avoid any provocative actions and to work together for national unity in order to find a clear structure for the new constitution, to establish a functioning federal democracy and to respect the new deadline which was extended by one year on 28 May 2010; 4. Calls on all parties to facilitate and promote the work of the Constitutional Committees (CC) on the future roadmap since the extension of the CA's term; 5. Stresses the need for a clear and public communication of all the agreed items and thus welcomes the white paper promised to explain to the population the progress achieved so far in drafting the constitution of the federal republic; commends the three thematic committees, which, out of eleven, have completed their work; 6. Welcomes the decision of the Nepali Congress (NC) of 31 May 2010 to commit to a national unity government open to all political parties, including the main opposition party UCPN (M); 7. Calls on the UCPN (M) to engage in constructive planning and to find a way to integrate former Maoist combatants into society, including the groups residing in the UNMIN-monitored camps; 8. Calls on the EU and the Member States to support all efforts of the Nepalese Government and the parties to find a solution to the integration of former Maoist combatants into the National Army or other security forces and viable alternative solutions for those who cannot be integrated into these organisations; 9. Calls on the political parties, and