, to the Commission: Free movement of workers - temporary restrictions affecting the Romanian and Bulgarian citizens on the European Union labour market ( B7-0455/2010 ) Rovana Plumb moved the oral question. John Dalli (Member of the Commission) answered the oral question. The following spoke: Thomas Mann , on behalf of the PPE Group, Ivailo Kalfin , on behalf of the S&D Group, Adina-Ioana Vălean , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Rui Tavares , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Gerard Batten , on behalf of the EFD Group, Traian Ungureanu , Evgeni Kirilov , Antonyia Parvanova , Marie-Christine Vergiat , Iliana Ivanova , Iliana Malinova Iotova , Renate Weber , Silvia-Adriana Ţicău , Cătălin Sorin Ivan and Corina Creţu . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Miroslav Mikolášik , Elena Băsescu , Vasilica Viorica Dăncilă , Ilda Figueiredo , Seán Kelly and Peter Jahr . The following spoke: John Dalli . The debate closed. 16 Products from cloned animals in the food chain (debate) Commission statement: Products from cloned animals in the food chain John Dalli (Member of the Commission) made the statement. The following spoke: Pilar Ayuso , on behalf of the PPE Group, Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos , on behalf of the S&D Group, George Lyon , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Bart Staes , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Janusz Wojciechowski , on behalf of the ECR Group, Kartika Tamara Liotard , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, John Stuart Agnew , on behalf of the EFD Group, Diane Dodds , Non-attached Member , Horst Schnellhardt , Linda McAvan , Martin Häusling , Jaroslav Paška , Andreas Mölzer , Renate Sommer , Csaba Sándor Tabajdi , Françoise Grossetête , Daciana Octavia Sârbu , Anne Delvaux and Kriton Arsenis . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Seán Kelly , Elisabeth Köstinger , Karin Kadenbach , Jarosław Kalinowski , Peter Jahr , João Ferreira and Anna Záborská . The following spoke: John Dalli . The debate closed. 17 EU potato starch sector after 2012 (debate) Oral question ( O-0097/2010 ) by Esther de Lange and Albert Deß , on behalf of the PPE Group , Thijs Berman and Jo Leinen , on behalf of the S&D Group , to the Commission: EU potato starch sector after 2012 ( B7-0456/2010 ) Esther de Lange and Thijs Berman moved the oral question. John Dalli (Member