Amalia Sartori Subcommittee on Security and Defence: Stefano Zappalà Delegation to the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly: Mario Mauro Delegation for relations with the Mashreq countries: Giuseppe Gargani to replace Francesco Musotto Delegation for relations with the United States: Domenico Antonio Basile to replace Salvatore Tatarella Delegation for relations with the People's Republic of China: Vito Bonsignore Delegation for relations with the Korean Peninsula: Giovanni Robusti The appointments would be deemed ratified if there were no objections before the approval of these Minutes. 16 Inland transport of dangerous goods ***II (debate) Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the inland transport of dangerous goods [06920/3/2008 - C6-0160/2008 - 2006/0278(COD) ] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Bogusław Liberadzki ( A6-0227/2008 ) Bogusław Liberadzki introduced the recommendation for second reading. The following spoke: Antonio Tajani (Member of the Commission) . The following spoke: Renate Sommer , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Nathalie Griesbeck , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Eva Lichtenberger , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Jaromír Kohlíček , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Robert Evans , first on the appointment of Antonio Tajani as a member of the Commission, and Silvia-Adriana Ţicău , on behalf of the PSE Group . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Reinhard Rack and Wiesław Stefan Kuc . The following spoke: Antonio Tajani and Bogusław Liberadzki . The debate closed. Vote: minutes of 19.06.2008, item 3.1 . 17 Road infrastructure safety ***I (debate) Report: on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on road infrastructure safety management [ COM(2006)0569 - C6-0331/2006 - 2006/0182(COD) ] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Helmuth Markov ( A6-0050/2008 ) The following spoke: Antonio Tajani (Member of the Commission) . Helmuth Markov introduced the report. The following spoke: Renate Sommer , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Bogusław Liberadzki , on behalf of the PSE Group, Paweł Bartłomiej Piskorski , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Eva Lichtenberger , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Leopold Józef Rutowicz , on behalf of the UEN Group, Jaromír Kohlíček , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Michael Henry Nattrass , on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Czesław Adam Siekierski , Silvia-Adriana Ţicău , Nathalie Griesbeck , Wiesław Stefan Kuc