of relevant information takes place; and - joint coordination meetings are organised as appropriate. The joint coordination meetings shall be organised as required in the light of the particular requirements of the project, such as the project development phase,and the difficulties anticipated or encountered. The joint coordination meetings shall address in particular the evaluation and the public consultation procedures. The Member States concerned shall ensure that the Commission is informed of the joint coordination meetings and of the exchange of information. Amendment 13 Article 7 b (new) Article 7b 1. Projects of European Interest should be rapidly implemented. No later than 6 months after the entry into force of this Decision, Member States shall, using as a basis a draft timetable provided to that effect by the Commission, submit to the Commission an updated and indicative timetable for the completion of those projects including, as far as available, details of: (a) the envisaged passage of the project through the planning approval process, (b) the timetable for the feasibility and design phase, (c) the construction of the project, (d) the entry into service of the project. 2. The Commission, in close collaboration with the committee referred to in Article 11, shall present a report every two years on the progress of projects referred to in paragraph 1. For projects declared to be of European interest for which a European coordinator has been appointed, the annual reports presented by the European coordinator shall replace those biennial reports. Amendment 14 Article 7 c (new) Article 7c 1. When a project declared to be of European interest encounters significant delays or implementation difficulties, including situations where third countries are involved, the Commission may designate, in agreement with the Member States concerned, and after having consulted the European Parliament, a European coordinator. When necessary, Member States may also request that the Commission designate a European coordinator for other TEN-projects. 2. The European Coordinator shall be chosen, in particular, on the basis of his experience of European institutions and knowledge of issues relating to energy policy as well as the financing and socio-economic and environmental evaluation of major projects. 3. The decision designating the European coordinator shall specify how the coordinator is to perform his tasks. 4. The European Coordinator shall: (a) promote the European dimension of the project and the cross-border dialogue between project promoters and the people concerned, (b) contribute to the coordination of