Member States shall determine how such reference is to be made. Article 20 Entry into force This Directive shall enter into force on the [...] day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . Article 21 Addressees This Directive is addressed to the Member States. Done at , For the European Parliament For the Council The President The President Annex 1: Commercial practices, which are in all circumstances considered unfair Misleading commercial practices (1) Claiming in bad faith to be a signatory to a code of conduct when the trader is not. (2) Claiming that a code of conduct has an endorsement from a public or other body which it does not have. (3) Making an invitation to purchase products at a specified price if there are indications that the trader will not be able to offer for supply or to procure another trader to supply, those products or equivalent products at that price for a period that is, and in quantities that are reasonable having regard to the product , the scale of advertising of the product and price offered (bait advertising). (4) Making an invitation to purchase products at a specified price and then: a) refusing to show the advertised item to consumers, or b) refusing to take orders for it or deliver it within a reasonable time, or c) disparaging the product, d) or demonstrating a defective sample of it with the intention of promoting a different product (bait and switch). (5) Falsely stating that the product will only be available for a very limited time in order to elicit an immediate decision and deprive consumers of sufficient opportunity or time to make an informed choice. (6) Undertaking to provide after-sales service to the consumer and then making such service available only in a language other than the one which the trader used in communications with the consumer prior to a transaction without clearly disclosing this to the consumer before the consumer is committed to the transaction. (7) Stating in bad faith that a product can legally be sold when it cannot. (8) Advertisement features, announcements or promotions, sometimes referred to as "advertorials", that are disseminated in exchange for a payment or other reciprocal arrangement should comply with the Directive if the marketers rather than the publishers control their content. Traders and publishers shall make it clear that advertisement features are