exports (debate) Draft bill on Israeli NGOs (debate) Situation of the Jordan River with special regard to the Lower Jordan River area (debate) Question Time (Council) Free movement of workers (debate) Products from cloned animals in the food chain (debate) EU potato starch sector after 2012 (debate) Implementing measures (Rule 88) Agenda of the next sitting Closure of the sitting ATTENDANCE REGISTER MINUTES WEDNESDAY 8 SEPTEMBER 2010 IN THE CHAIR: Isabelle DURANT Vice-President 1 Opening of the sitting The sitting opened at 9.05. 2 Composition of committees The President had received the following requests for appointments from the S&D Group: AGRI Committee: Sergio Gutiérrez Prieto to replace Miguel Angel Martínez Martínez Special Committee on the Financial, Economic and Social Crisis: Antolín Sánchez Presedo The appointments would be deemed ratified if there were no objections before the approval of these minutes. 3 Conclusions of the special ECOFIN Council meeting of 7 September (debate) Council and Commission statements: Conclusions of the special ECOFIN Council meeting of 7 September Didier Reynders (President-in-Office of the Council) and Michel Barnier (Member of the Commission) made the statements. The following spoke: Corien Wortmann-Kool , on behalf of the PPE Group, Udo Bullmann , on behalf of the S&D Group, Sylvie Goulard , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Sven Giegold , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Kay Swinburne , on behalf of the ECR Group, Miguel Portas , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Hans-Peter Martin , Non-attached Member, Jean-Paul Gauzès , Anni Podimata , Jens Rohde , Derk Jan Eppink , Othmar Karas , Elisa Ferreira , Vicky Ford , Sophie Auconie , Antolín Sánchez Presedo , Peter Skinner and Liem Hoang Ngoc . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Sławomir Witold Nitras , George Sabin Cutaş , Ilda Figueiredo and Liisa Jaakonsaari . The following spoke: Michel Barnier and Didier Reynders . The debate closed. 4 Protection of animals used for scientific purposes ***II (debate) Recommendation for second reading on the Council position at first reading with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of animals used for scientific purposes [06106/1/2010 - C7-0147/2010 - 2008/0211(COD) ] - Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development. Rapporteur: Elisabeth Jeggle ( A7-0230/2010 ) Elisabeth Jeggle introduced the recommendation for second reading. The following spoke: John Dalli (Member of the Commission) . The following spoke: