of final vote for: against: abstentions: 11 0 1 Members present for the final vote Simon Busuttil, Szabolcs Fazakas, Ingeborg Gräßle, Umberto Guidoni, Bart Staes, Margarita Starkevičiūtė, Alexander Stubb, Jeffrey Titford, Kyösti Tapio Virrankoski, Terence Wynn Substitutes present for the final vote Edit Herczog, Esko Seppänen 15.9.2005 OPINION of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs for the Committee on Budgets on the draft general budget of the European Union for the financial year 2006 ( C6-0299/2005 - 2005/2001(BUD) ) Section III - Commission Draftswoman: Catherine Guy-Quint SHORT JUSTIFICATION The Commission published preliminary draft budget (PDB) for the 2006 financial year on 29 April 2005. However, as far as the procedure on first reading is concerned, this draft opinion takes as its point of departure the 2006 draft budget (DB) which was adopted by the Council on 15 July 2005 so that the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs (ECON) can work with the latest figures as adopted by the Council. Specific remarks relating to the various aspects of the PDB and the DB are set out below but your draftswoman wishes first of all to make a general remark about the lack of political ambition in this budget as far as the Lisbon Strategy is concerned: she believes that the objectives of this Strategy have not been sufficiently taken into account in the budgetary resources that have been allocated, particularly where the role of small and medium-sized enterprises is concerned. 1. Administrative expenditure of economic and financial affairs policy area (budget heading 01 01 01) Your draftswoman notes with satisfaction in the PDB a 13% increase over 2005 in the appropriations set aside for expenditure on active staff, while regretting the fact that the increase in question falls short of the figures recorded in other policy areas such as the communication on economic and monetary union (EMU). She deplores the fact that the Council has reduced this figure by 4.2%, which means an increase of only 7.5% over 2005. This reduction was carried out across the board in the Commission departments by the Council in its draft budget. However, your draftswoman believes it is essential that the Commission services have available adequate resources to discharge the tasks entrusted to them in this area. She accordingly suggests by way of compromise an increase of at least 10% in the appropriations for 2006. 2. Coordination and surveillance of economic and monetary