the opinion of the committee is to be obtained by written procedure, that procedure shall be terminated without result when, within the time-limit for delivery of the opinion, the chair of the committee so decides or a majority of committee members so request. Amendment 12 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 1 – point 4 a (new) Regulation (EEC) No 2841/72 Article 7 a (new) 4a. The following article is added: 'Article 7a Report 1. The Commission shall present a biannual report on the application and implementation of the Agreement to the European Parliament. The report shall include information about the activities of the various bodies responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Agreement and fulfilment of the obligations arising therefrom, including obligations concerning barriers to trade. 2. The report shall also present a summary of the statistics and the evolution of trade with the Swiss Confederation. 3. The report shall include information on the implementation of this Regulation. 4. The European Parliament may, within one month from the Commission presenting the report, invite the Commission to an ad hoc meeting of its responsible committee to present and explain any issues related to the implementation of the Agreement. 5. No later than six months after presenting the report to the European Parliament, the Commission shall make the report public.‘ Amendment 13 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 2 – point -1 (new) Regulation (EEC) No 2843/72 Recital 3 a (new) -1. The following Recital 3a is inserted: 'Whereas the implementation of the safeguard clauses of the bilateral Agreement requires uniform conditions for the adoption of provisional and definitive safeguard measures. Those measures should be adopted by the Commission in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 February 2011 laying down the rules and general principles concerning mechanisms for control by Member States of the Commission's exercise of implementing powers 1 ; _____________ 1 OJ L 55, 28.2.2011, p. 13.‘ Amendment 14 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 2 – point -1 a (new) Regulation (EEC) No 2843/72 Recital 3 b (new) -1a. The following Recital 3b is inserted: 'Whereas it is appropriate that the advisory procedure be used for the adoption of provisional measures given the effects of these measures and their sequential logic in relation to the adoption