the determination of the rights of such entities as holders of collateral security in relation to those securities shall be governed by the law of that Member State. ” Amendment 2 0 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 1 – point 6 Directive 98/26/EC Article 10 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Member States shall specify the systems, and the respective system operators, which are to be included in the scope of this Directive and shall notify them to the Commission and inform the Commission of the authorities they have chosen in accordance with Article 6(2). 1. Member States , or the ECB, where a system is established by an ECB legal act, shall specify the systems, the respective system operators, and the participants in those systems, which are to be included in the scope of this Directive and shall notify them to the Commission and inform the Commission of the authorities they have chosen in accordance with Article 6(2). The system operator shall indicate to the Member State whose law is applicable the participants in the system, including any possible indirect participants, as well as any change in them. The system operator shall indicate to the Member State whose law is applicable the participants in the system, including any possible indirect participants, as well as any change in them. Member States shall specify which party in the system bears the burden of proof in insolvency proceedings and shall provide for the limitation of systemic risk in the event of default of a system operator participating in an interoperable system. In addition to the indication provided for in the second subparagraph, Member States may impose supervision or authorisation requirements on systems which fall under their jurisdiction. Anyone with a legitimate interest may require an institution to inform him of the systems in which it participates and to provide information about the main rules governing the functioning of those systems. 2. A system designated prior to the coming into force of national provisions implementing Directive .../.../EC* shall continue to be designated for the purposes of this Directive. A transfer order which enters a system before the entry into force of provisions implementing Directive .../.../EC* , but which is settled there after , shall be deemed to be a transfer order for the purposes of th is Directive. * OJ: please insert number of the amending directive. Justification The amendment