investment services (especially its Article 11 on the codes of conduct applicable to service provision), cross-border credit transfers (97/5/EC) OJ L 43, 14.2.1997, p. 25 , the Commission recommendation on out-of-court settlements of consumer disputes (98/257/EC) OJ L 115, 17.4.1998, p. 31 and investor compensation schemes (97/9/EC) OJ L 84, 26.3.1997, p. 22 ; 20. Believes that cross-border payments should be made easier and cheaper in the interests of consumers; the Commission should adopt the necessary measures as soon as possible to reduce costs for consumers since the introduction of the euro in 11 Member States; 21. Fully endorses the Commission's decision to foster direct dialogue between service providers and consumers during the formulation of common rules governing the information to be made available to consumers; calls, however, on the Commission to monitor carefully the process as a whole, so as to be able to take swift action, inter alia in the legislative sphere, wherever necessary, and to take particular account of any differences in the two parties' understanding of the subject matter; 22. Calls for the development of a modern payments infrastructure which is capable of supporting efficient, secure and low-cost cross-border (card) payments and stresses that the current situation, where cross-border (card) payments incur charges which far exceed domestic transfer charges, is intolerable; 23. Notes the huge potential for provision of consumer financial services via the Internet since such services are particularly well suited to sale via e-commerce; further notes that the information revolution has great potential to open up cross-border trade in consumer financial services, leading to increased competition within the EU, yielding benefits to consumers of reduced prices and increased choice; consequently urges the Commission rapidly to implement an effective legal framework for e-commerce and regrets the slow pace of progress to date; in particular, calls on the Commission to resolve the current dispute over civil legal jurisdiction measures to replace the Brussels and Rome Conventions; 24. Draws the Commission's attention to the necessity to implement special measures concerning fraud and counterfeiting in payment systems and in electronic commerce; 25. Insists on the importance of the application of the principle of mutual recognition within the EU to essential requirements for supplying cross-border financial services, including dispute settlement procedures; stresses the need for efficient dispute settlement with third countries; The measures on prudential rules and supervision 26. Expresses guarded satisfaction with regard to the measures mentioned in