type, from the application of this Regulation Justification It should not be possible to exclude regional services from the scope of the Regulation. This is in line with the EP position at first reading but not going as far, since it would not anymore be required to prove, as a condition for their exemption, that they are covered by public service contracts ensuring a comparable level of passenger rights. Moreover, the provisions referred to in the Articles above should also apply to urban and suburban transport. Amendment 15 Council position – amending act Article 2 - paragraph 5 Council position Amendment 5. With the exception of Articles 4(2), 9 and 10(1) , Member States may, on a transparent and non-discriminatory basis, exempt domestic regular services from the application of this Regulation. Such exemptions may be granted for a period no longer than five years, which may be renewed twice. d eleted Justification This paragraph would allow domestic services to be exempted from the Regulation for up to 15 years and is therefore unacceptable. Amendment 16 Council position – amending act Article 2 - paragraph 6 Council position Amendment 6. For a maximum period of five years, Member States may, on a transparent and non ‑discriminatory basis, exempt from the application of this Regulation particular regular services because a significant part of the regular service, including at least one scheduled stop, is operated outside the Union . Such exemptions may be renewed . d eleted Justification This paragraph would allow services with at least one scheduled stop outside the EU to be exempted from the Regulation for an indefinite period ("may be renewed") and is therefore unacceptable. Amendment 17 Council position – amending act Article 2 - paragraph 7 Council position Amendment 7. Member States shall inform the Commission of exemptions of different types of services granted pursuant to paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 . The Commission shall take appropriate action if such an exemption is deemed not to be in accordance with the provisions of this Article. By …, the Commission shall submit to the European Parliament and the Council a report on exemptions granted pursuant to paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 . 7. Member States shall inform the Commission of exemptions of different types of services granted pursuant to paragraph 4 within three months from the date of application of this Regulation . The Commission shall take appropriate action