Answer given by Almunia on behalf of the Commission (5 March 2009) The issue of European bond issuance has been discussed more frequently over the last months in the context of the financial crisis as an interesting possibility. As regards the need for investments in infrastructural projects on a European level the financing of such projects are primarily within the responsibility of the European Investment Bank (EIB), in particular the EIB has an important role as regards the Trans-European Networks (TENs) for large infrastructure networks of transport, energy and telecommunications underpinning the developmental and integration goals of the European Union. The trans-European transport, energy and telecommunications networks cover the whole of the Union of 27 Member States. 1. The issue of increased coordination is not new and was already raised in the November 2000 report of the Givonnini Group, which examined hypotheses for increased coordination in public debt issuance in the euro-area, ranging from a limited extension of current procedures to the establishment of a single benchmark issuer for the euro area as a whole See: Giovannini Group: Report on coordinated issuance of public debt in the euro area (11/2000). http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/giovannini/giovannini081100en.pdf . Further, in September 2008 the European Primary Dealers Association (EPDA) published a discussion paper ‘ A Common European Government Bond ’. The discussion paper presents a number of different options for common issuance. The EPDA asked their members, mostly investment banks to indicatively price the different options in order to try to quantify the economic benefits from a common issuance. However, results were disappointing as market participants, according to the paper, are for the time being primarily searching for less complexity, in line with the trend among investors for simple and easy to understand products. 2. The issuance of a European bond (joint issuance) should not be seen as a solution to present problems but as another step towards further financial market integration and improving efficiency of the European government bond market. In this regard better coordination of national government bond issuance could be a first and necessary step. There are several technical and legal issues that would have to be overcome.