thereof, and the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17 May 2006 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on budgetary discipline and sound financial management 2 (IIA of 17 May 2006), and in particular point 47 thereof, should be taken into account. 1 OJ L 248, 16.9.2002, p. 1. 2 OJ C 139, 14.6.2006, p. 1. Justification The Financial Regulation (art 185) and the Interinstitutional Agreement on budgetary management and budgetary discipline (Art. 47) should be referred to as legal basis for the establishment of a new EU agency. Amendment 4 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 3 - point a Regulation (EC)1406/2002 Article 10 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (a) the point (c) is replaced by the following: (a) points (b) and (c) are replaced by the following: ' (b) adopt the annual report on the Agency's activities and forward it by 15 June at the latest to the European Parliament, the Council, the Commission, the Court of Auditors and the Member States. The Agency shall annually forward to the budgetary authority all information regarding the outcome of the evaluation procedures; '(c) examine, in the framework of the preparation of the work programme, requests from Member States for technical assistance, as referred to in Article 2(3); (c) examine, in the framework of the preparation of the work programme, requests from Member States for technical assistance, as referred to in Article 2(3); (ca) adopt a multi-annual strategy for the Agency covering a period of five years ahead taking the opinion of the Commission into account; (ca) adopt a multi-annual strategy for the Agency covering a period of five years ahead taking the opinions of the Parliament and the Commission into account; (cb) adopt the multi-annual staff policy plan of the Agency;' (cb) adopt the multi-annual staff policy plan of the Agency;' Justification The first modification aims at making clear that the Agency cannot itself consider what is relevant for the Parliament. The second aims at enshrining in the regulation that the Parliament should be consulted for the adoption of the agencies' multi-annual strategy (IWG). Amendment 5 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 3 – point d a (new) Regulation (EC)1406/2002 Article 10 – paragraph 2 – point (h) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (da) point (h) is replaced by the following: ' (h) perform its