paragraph 1 – introductory part Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall ensure that the competent authority : 1. Member States shall ensure that the competent bodies, organisations or institutions : Justification This is intended as clarification, taking into account the various national models for organising health systems. Amendment 86 Proposal for a directive Article 19 – paragraph 1 – point c Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (c) establishes and maintains a register of procurement organisations and transplantation centres. (c) establishes and maintains a register of healthcare establishments, teams or departments of a hospital or of another establishment authorised to procure human organs and transplantation centres. Justification This is intended as clarification, taking into account the various national models for organising the health systems. Amendment 87 Proposal for a directive Article 19 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Member States shall, upon the request of the Commission or another Member State, provide information on the register of procurement organisations and transplantation centres. 2. Member States shall, upon the request of the Commission or another Member State, provide information on the register of healthcare establishments, teams or departments of a hospital or of another establishment authorised to procure human organs and transplantation centres. Justification This is intended as clarification, taking into account the various national models for organising the health systems. Amendment 88 Proposal for a directive Article 20 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. The Commission shall set up a network of the competent authoritie s with a view to exchanging information on the experience acquired with regard to the implementation of this Directive. 1. The Commission shall set up a network of the competent authorities , bodies, organisations and institutions with a view to exchanging information on the experience acquired with regard to the implementation of this Directive. Justification This amendment follows on from the amendment to Article 19(1). Amendment 89 Proposal for a directive Article 21 - paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall ensure that all exchanges of organs from or to third countries, are authorised by the competent authority. 1. Member States shall ensure that all exchanges of organs from or to third countries, are authorised by the competent authority , organisation or institution . The competent authority shall consult the national Data Protection Authority in respect of developing