Answer given by Mr Tajani on behalf of the Commission (1 July 2010) The written question put by the Honourable Member concerns the Danish authorities' language requirement on bills for spectacles for the purpose of the reimbursement of the costs from the health insurance scheme. This issue has not yet been harmonised at EU level, and must be examined in relation to the general Treaty provisions on the free movement of goods (Articles 34-36 TFEU), in so far as it involves a ‘state measure’. In the case-law of the European Court of Justice, this term has been interpreted broadly to include measures taken by any law-making, judicial or administrative body of a Member State. However, measures taken by private individuals or companies (including private insurance schemes) are in general not considered ‘state measures’ and hence fall outside the scope of Article 34 TFEU. The core question is whether the refusal by the Danish authorities to reimburse a bill for spectacles because of specific language requirements can be considered a measure having an effect equivalent to quantitative restrictions for the purposes of Article 34 TFEU and, if so, whether it is justified under Article 36 TFEU. In the Decker case Case C‑120/95, Decker, ECR [1998] p. I‑01831. the European Court of Justice argued that national rules should not permit a social security institution to refuse to reimburse an insured person for the cost of a pair of spectacles purchased from an optician in another Member State on the grounds that prior authorisation was required for buying any medical product abroad. Such refusal was held to contravene Article 34 TFEU. In the present case, the Danish authorities do not seem to require, for the purposes of reimbursement, prior authorisation of the purchase of spectacles abroad. Instead, the requirement concerns the language in which the bill for the purchased product has to be submitted. Since the effect of this requirement may be the non-reimbursement of the purchased product, the Commission is of the opinion that the Danish measure may also fall under Article 34 TFEU. In this context, the Commission would like to draw the Honourable Member's attention to the fact that the Commission is currently examining, in the context of ongoing infringement proceedings, a Danish case concerning a refusal to reimburse the cost of medicinal products purchased abroad. The issue of the language requirement for bills submitted for reimbursement purposes will therefore