expenses for the journey from the airport to the hotel and back again. Justification Provision should be made for the reimbursement of expenses for this journey; in some cases they might prove to be considerable, particularly should accommodation in the vicinity of the airport not be available. Amendment 28 Article 10, paragraph 1 1. In the case of cancellation of a flight, the following provisions apply except when the air carrier or tour operator can prove that it was done solely because of exceptional circumstances beyond its responsibility or that of its subcontracting agent. 1. In the case of cancellation of a flight, the following provisions apply except when the body responsible as laid down in Article 3, paragraph 3, can prove that it was done solely because of force majeure and is therefore beyond its responsibility. Justification The inclusion of the words ‘body responsible’ which refers to Amendment 7 of the rapporteur means that all contingencies are covered and that any misunderstandings can be ruled out. For the justification of the concept ‘force majeure’, reference is made to the justification of my amendment 1. Amendment 29 Article 10, paragraph 2 2. When, before the scheduled time of departure, an air carrier or tour operator cancels or reasonably expects to cancel a flight, it shall make every effort to contact the passengers affected and to agree with them the conditions under which they accept to surrender their confirmed reservations. At the very least the passengers shall be offered a choice between: 2. When, less than 48 hours before the scheduled time of departure, the body with responsibility as laid down in Article 3(3) cancels or reasonably expects to cancel a flight, it shall make every effort to contact the passengers affected in order to explain to them any possible alternatives and to agree with them the conditions under which they accept to surrender their confirmed reservations. At the very least the passengers shall be offered a choice between: Justification Referring to the 'body with responsibility', using the wording inserted by Amendment 7, includes all possibilities and eliminates any ambiguity. The reference to information to be given to the passengers should also include the indication of possible alternatives which, obviously, do not prejudice the right of passengers to reach their destination at the time and under the conditions set out in their contract. Amendment 30 Article 10, paragraph 3 3. Those