responsibility of the holder of an appliance intended for shipment to provide in each case, Member State authorities shall consider that an item is WEEE and presume that the load comprises an illegal shipment. In these circumstances the load will be dealt with in accordance with Articles 24 and 25 of Regulation (EC) No 1013/2006. Amendment 79 Council position Annex X – point A Council position Amendment Information for registration and reporting referred to in Article 16 Information for registration and reporting referred to in Article 16 A. Information to be submitted upon registration: A. Information to be submitted upon registration: 1. Name and address of the producer or of the legal representative in case of producers as defined in Article 3(1)(f) (iv) (postal code and location, street name and number, country, telephone and fax number, e-mail, as well as a contact person). In the case of a legal representative, also the contact details of the producer that is represented. 1. Name and address of the producer or of the legal representative (postal code and location, street name and number, country, telephone and fax number, e-mail, as well as a contact person). In the case of a legal representative, also the contact details of the producer that is represented. 2. National identification code of the producer, including European tax number or national tax number of the producer (optional) . 2. Identification code of the producer, including European tax number or national tax number of the producer. 3. Category of EEE set out in Annex I or Annex III , as appropriate . 3. Category of EEE set out in Annex III. 4. Type of EEE (household or other than household equipment). 4. Type of EEE (household or other than household equipment). 5. Brand name of EEE (optional) . 5. Brand name of EEE. 6. Information on how the producer meets its responsibilities: individual or collective scheme, including information on financial guarantee. 6. Information on how the producer meets its responsibilities: individual or collective scheme, including information on financial guarantee. 7. Selling technique used (e.g. distance selling). 7. Selling technique used (e.g. distance selling). 8. Declaration stating that the information provided is true. Justification To achieve the objective of harmonised registration, it is necessary that the data required for the national registers is identical. This is the reason for rejecting optional data, as this would otherwise result again in having to