Sakharov Prize 2009: names of ten candidates unveiled Human rights 2009-09-30 - 11:36 The ten nominations for the 2009 Sakharov Prize, which the European Parliament awards each year to democracy and human rights campaigners, were officially presented at a meeting of MEPs on Wednesday. The winner will be chosen by Parliament's political group leaders on 22 October. The names were officially unveiled at a joint meeting of the Foreign Affairs Committee (AFET), the Development Committee (DEVE) and the Human Rights Subcommittee (DROI). This year's award coincides with the 20th commemoration of Andrei Sakharov's death. Nominations must have the support of a political group or at least 40 MEPs. This year's nominees are (in alphabetical order): Dr Izzeldin Abuelaish - Palestinian gynaecologist, resident of Jabalia, the biggest refugee camp in the Gaza Strip. Despite losing his three daughters in an attack in January 2009, Doctor Izzeldin Abuelaish "continues to fight for peace between the Israeli and Palestinian people and tirelessly strives to build bridges between the two war-torn and weary communities", according to the nomination paper. Nominated by Véronique de Keyser (S&D, BE), Hans Gert Pöttering (EPP, DE), Caroline Lucas (Greens/EFA, UK) and 52 other MEPs. Foundation Vicente Ferrer - Foundation for the protection and promotion of minority rights in India and the eradication of extreme poverty. "Its work in India for 50 years has certainly contributed to improve living standards of many people. The Foundation has strongly supported dignity, equality and the defence of human rights of those who have fewer opportunities to enjoy them", says the supporting statement. Nomination by Andrés Perelló (S&D, ES) and 39 other MEPs. Dawit Isaak - This Swedish journalist, writer and playwright of Eritrean origin has been a political prisoner since 2001. In a parliamentary resolution, the European Parliament expressed its "deep concern at the continuing imprisonment of Dawit Isaak, held in jail since his arrest in September 2001, without having been tried by a court of law" and demanded his immediate release. Nominated by Eva-Britt Svensson on behalf of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left Group (GUE/NGL) as well as Olle Schmidt (ALDE, SE) and 31 other MEPs. Mariam Lamizana - Minister for Social Action and National Solidarity of Burkina Faso and activist in the fight against genital mutilation of women. "Thanks to the considerable efforts and to a strong political will to ban the practice of female genital mutilation, Mrs Lamizana obtained