Arnaud Danjean , Zoran Thaler , Charles Tannock , Inese Vaidere , Marietta Giannakou , Alf Svensson , Tunne Kelam and Krzysztof Lisek . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Andrzej Grzyb , Kyriakos Mavronikolas , Raül Romeva i Rueda , Laima Liucija Andrikienė , Janusz Władysław Zemke and Katarína Neveďalová . The following spoke: Olivier Chastel . The debate closed. The following spoke: Frédérique Ries on the suspension of Sakineh Mohammadi-Ashtiani's sentence. 12 Draft bill on Israeli NGOs (debate) Oral question ( O-0046/2010 ) by Franziska Katharina Brantner and Nicole Kiil-Nielsen , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group , Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck , Alexandra Thein , Ivo Vajgl , Sarah Ludford and Leonidas Donskis , on behalf of the ALDE Group , Véronique De Keyser , on behalf of the S&D Group, and Marie-Christine Vergiat , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group , to the Commission: Draft bill on Israeli NGOs ( B7-0319/2010 ) Franziska Katharina Brantner , Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck , Véronique De Keyser , Marie-Christine Vergiat moved the oral question. Štefan Füle (Member of the Commission) answered the oral question. The following spoke: Hans-Gert Pöttering , on behalf of the PPE Group, Richard Howitt , on behalf of the S&D Group, Chris Davies , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Nicole Kiil-Nielsen , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Charles Tannock , on behalf of the ECR Group, and Kyriacos Triantaphyllides , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . IN THE CHAIR: Stavros LAMBRINIDIS Vice-President The following spoke: Bastiaan Belder , on behalf of the EFD Group , Diane Dodds , Non-attached Member , who also replied to a 'blue card' question from Chris Davies , Róża Gräfin von Thun und Hohenstein , Proinsias De Rossa , who also replied to a 'blue card' question from Bastiaan Belder , Frédérique Ries , who also replied to a 'blue card' question from Nicole Kiil-Nielsen , Heidi Hautala , Fiorello Provera , Franz Obermayr , Ria Oomen-Ruijten , Monika Flašíková Beňová , Margrete Auken , Zuzana Roithová , Pier Antonio Panzeri , Sari Essayah , Marek Siwiec and Zoran Thaler . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Ulrike Lunacek , Ivo Vajgl and Alexandra Thein . The following spoke: Štefan Füle . The debate closed. 13 Situation of the Jordan River with special regard to the Lower Jordan River area (debate) Oral question ( O-0092/2010 ) by Paolo De