WRITTEN QUESTION E-5027/05 by Dimitrios Papadimoulis (GUE/NGL) to the Commission (10 January 2006) Subject: Labelling of (fresh) pasteurised and concentrated milk in Greece In the light of investigations by the Greek food standards watchdog body (EFET) to establish whether or not the labelling of (fresh) pasteurised and concentrated milk was in accordance with legal requirements, the Greek Development Ministry announced that producers of pasteurised and concentrated milk had three months to comply with statutory labelling requirements, after which penalties would be incurred for failure to do so. Findings revealed that, with regard to infringements of statutory labelling requirements in respect of pasteurised milk, 77 % related to trade description, 69 % to discrimination between similar products and 73 % to nutritional labelling. Regarding infringements revealed in respect of concentrated milk, 62 % related to misleading indications regarding content, 61 % to trade descriptions and 33 % to indications regarding individual ingredients. Directive 2005/29/EC OJ L 149, 11.6.2005, p. 22 . concerning unfair business-to-consumer commercial practices in the internal market and amending Council Directive 84/450/EEC, Directives 97/7/EC, 98/27/EC, 2002/65/EC and Regulation (EC) No 2006/2004 effectively provides the Member States with an arsenal of measures enabling their citizens to obtain legal redress in such cases. Does the Commission consider that existing directives concerning misleading advertising are being infringed in the above instances? Is the Commission aware of the specific situation which has come to light in Greece? Have similar cases of misleading advertising emerged in other Member States and if so, which? What countermeasures has the Commission taken with a view to protecting consumers? How will the Commission ensure full implementation of the directive, so as to prevent its provisions being circumvented and ensure that the respective national authorities do not neglect their responsibilities regarding compliance?