EU Cohesion Policy - sufficient funding the key A public hearing at the European Parliament on Wednesday on the future of regional policy focussed on how regional policy can contribute to the Lisbon agenda and how it must adapt following enlargement. Regional Policy Commissioner Danuta HÜBNER outlined the latest position on the financial negotiations, while two experts gave their insights. MEPs gave their views on how, over the period 2007-2013, the cohesion instruments which represent about one third of the EU budget or a total of €336.1 billion should be spent. Describing the latest developments in the negotiations on the financial perspective, Commissioner Hübner said most Member States wanted to conclude the negotiations during the Luxembourg Presidency and an overwhelming majority were also in favour of the cohesion policy as proposed by the Commission. Member States, she explained, were concerned about the method of allocating financial resources among them, the 4% cap - the rule that annual EU transfers must not exceed 4% of the recipient country's GDP (a concern particularly for the new Member States) - and the transitional arrangements for the regions phasing out from Objective 1 or phasing in to Objective 2. Commissioner Hübner also outlined the difficulties in reaching a compromise on the financial envelope for cohesion policy: "This is a major concern for me. Reaching a deal under the Luxembourg Presidency before the end of June would allow for timely adoption of the regulations and strategic guidelines and for the negotiations on strategic national reference frameworks prepared by the Member States to be completed. In this way we will be able to ensure a smooth transition to the new programmes in January 2007, and to avoid an interruption in funding that would have a very real negative impact in the regions." Cohesion Policy regulations - good progress Turning to the new structural funds, the Commissioner stated that good progress had been made on the Commission's proposals under the Dutch and Luxembourg Presidencies. As to the strategic guidelines, the Commission had put forward a number of themes for economic growth, from freight transport networks to greenhouse emissions, smart administration, better access to finance for SMEs and faster innovation. The Commission has presented five new draft regulations for the reform of cohesion policy for the period 2007-2013 and these are set to be adopted by the Parliament and the Council later this year. There is a general