equal opportunities to all players; O. whereas the results of the first call for proposals show barely 3% of the successful projects to be ones presented by local authorities, representing less than 1% of the global amount allocated (or 230 million euro); P. whereas at its previous meeting in Kyoto the World Water Forum considered that the investment needed to find solutions to the problem of water in the world amounted to 180 billion dollars, or double the current overall level of aid; 1. Regrets the lack of democratic legitimacy of the World Water Forum; 2. Calls for every effort to be made to provide the poorest communities in the poorest countries with access to water; 3. Emphasises that any water management policy must also incorporate protection of public health and the environment. The World Forum should contribute to developing strategies promoting a method of economic and agricultural development that is compatible with maintaining or restoring a high level of water quality, from groundwater up to the water provided to the end consumer; 4. Calls for the resources under the European Water Fund aimed at the ACP countries to be reinforced in the framework of the 10th EDF and for methods of financing to be developed, including private and mixed public-private financing and innovative partnerships, and notably solidarity financing; hopes that the international institutions will increase the share of commitments allocated to water and that debt reduction will benefit investments in water; 5. Calls for local authorities in the European Union to be encouraged to set aside a share of the charges received from users for water supply and sanitation services for decentralised cooperation actions; 6. Calls on the Commission to promote and strengthen regional cooperation in cross-border river basins, with a view to improving the integrated management of water resources and ensuring a sustainable and equitable management of cross-border water resources, in order to prevent conflicts; 7. Emphasises that the management of water resources should revolve around a decentralised, participatory and integrated approach that associates users and decision-makers in establishing water policies at the local level and in a democratic manner, closely tailored to the needs of the public, and emphasises in this perspective the essential role of women in the supply, management and conservation of water; 8. Hopes that cross-subsidies can be introduced to enable the very poor to be supplied with water at an affordable price; 9.