to in the first paragraph may be presumed. Officials or servants of the European Parliament must in no way suffer inequitable or discriminatory treatment as a result of having communicated the information referred to in the first and second paragraphs. Members who acquire knowledge of facts as referred to in the first paragraph shall inform the President of Parliament or, if they consider it useful, the Office direct. This article applies without prejudice to confidentiality requirements laid down in law or the European Parliament’s Rules of Procedure. Article 3 Assistance from the security office At the request of the Director of the Office, the European Parliament's security office shall assist the Office in the practical conduct of investigations. Article 4 Immunity and right to refuse to testify Rules governing Members' parliamentary immunity and the right to refuse to testify shall remain unchanged. Article 5 Informing the interested party Where the possible implication of a Member, official or servant emerges, the interested party shall be informed rapidly as long as this would not be harmful to the investigation. In any event, conclusions referring by name to a Member, official or servant of the European Parliament may not be drawn once the investigation has been completed without the interested party's having been enabled to express his views on all the facts which concern him. In cases necessitating the maintenance of absolute secrecy for the purposes of the investigation and requiring the use of investigative procedures falling within the remit of a national judicial authority, compliance with the obligation to invite the Member, official or servant of the European Parliament to give his views may be deferred in agreement respectively with the President, in the case of a Member, or the Secretary-General, in the case of an official or servant. Article 6 Information on the closing of the investigation with no further action taken If, following an internal investigation, no case can be made out against a Member, official or servant of the European Parliament against whom allegations have been made, the internal investigation concerning him shall be closed, with no further action taken, by decision of the Director of the Office, who shall inform the interested party in writing. Article 7 Waiver of immunity Any request from a national police or judicial authority regarding the waiver of the immunity from judicial proceedings of an official or servant of the European Parliament concerning