Answer given by Mr Dalli on behalf of the Commission (5 March 2010) The question of limiting the sound volume of TV advertising by EC laws was discussed during the review of the audiovisual regulatory framework in 2006 and 2007. One idea mooted at the time was to limit the sound volume of an advertisement to that of the preceding programme. However, some of the counter-arguments expressed at the time were: — such a provision could be considered to be too detailed and therefore inappropriate for a European Directive laying down a framework for regulation; — it would be technically difficult to enforce, as many programmes themselves have large variations of sound levels, e.g. an opera or an action movie can have a much higher sound volume than a talk show; — advertising blocks are often pre-produced so that, at the time of production, it is not known when and between which programmes they are going to be inserted; — the human sense of hearing is also different from technical measuring methods: while the maximum level of sound may technically be the same, we hear a programme louder if the quieter parts are raised to a higher minimum level. As a result of this debate, the European Parliament and the Council decided that the Audiovisual Media Services Directive, adopted at the end of 2007 Directive 89/552/EEC as amended by Directive 2007/65/CE on the coordination of certain provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action in Member States concerning the provision of audiovisual media services, OJ L 332, 18.12.2009. , should not contain a provision on the sound level of advertising. The matter could, nevertheless, be the subject of self-regulation adopted by the broadcasting and/or advertising sectors themselves, in as far as technically feasible. Article 3(7) of the aforementioned directive specifically obliges Member States to encourage self-regulation to the extent permitted by their own legal framework. It should also be noted that Directive 2005/29/EC Directive 2005/29/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2005 concerning unfair business-to-consumer commercial practices in the internal market, OJ L 149, 11.6.2005. on Unfair Commercial Practices, to which the Honourable Member refers to in his question, does not regulate the sounds or volume thresholds in television advertising. The directive fully harmonises the legislation of the Member States in the field of misleading advertising and other unfair commercial practices in the context of