specifies:’ Amendment 36 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 3 a – point 6 (new) Regulation (EC) No 3448/93 Article 7 – paragraph 3 6. In Article 7, paragraph 3 is replaced by the following: ‘ 3. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Articles 14a and 14b concerning detailed rules necessary for initiating and managing reductions in the non-agricultural components of the charge [...].‘ Amendment 37 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 3 a – point 7 (new) Regulation (EC) No 3448/93 Article 8 7. Article 8 is amended as follows: (a) Paragraph 3 is replaced by the following: ‘ 3. The common implementing rules for the refund arrangements referred to in this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 16(2).’ (b) In paragraph 4, subparagraph 2 is replaced by the following: ‘ These amounts shall be established in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 16(2). The implementing rules which may be necessary pursuant to this paragraph, and in particular measures to ensure that goods declared for export under a preferential arrangement are not in fact exported under a non-preferential arrangement or vice versa, shall be adopted by the same procedure. ’ (c) Paragraph 6 is replaced by the following: '6. The amount below which small exporters may be exempted from presentation of certificates under the export refund arrangements shall be set at EUR 50 000 per year. This ceiling may be adjusted, in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 16(2) .‘ Amendment 38 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 3 a – point 8 (new) Regulation (EC) No 3448/93 Article 9 8. Article 9 is replaced by the following: ‘ Article 9 Where, pursuant to a regulation on the common organisation of a particular market, levies, charges or other measures are applied to exports of an agricultural product listed in Annex A, appropriate measures with regard to certain goods the export of which is likely to hinder achievement of the objective in the agricultural sector in question, because of their high content of the agricultural product concerned and the uses to which they may be put, may be decided, in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 16(2), taking due account of the specific interest of