in toys and childcare articles which children could put in their mouths whether or not they are intended for this use. The ban also applies irrespective of the age categories. Besides toys and childcare articles, Parliament also calls on the Commission to look at other types of material containing these phthalates, especially in the field of healthcare. In the debate which preceded the vote, rapporteur Antonios Trakatellis called for the application of the precautionary principle in this case, given that " the risk assessment is not yet complete ", and he was pleased with the concessions Parliament was able to get from the Council, which, in its common position, favoured authorising the second category of phthalates for children above the age of three, which will not now be the case. On behalf of the European Commission, Günter VERHEUGEN said that the application of the precautionary principle was in keeping with the principle of proportionality. He added that the Commission would examine the question of fragrances, which Parliament had raised in first reading, as part of the next revision of the directive on toys. MEPs fear that manufacturers' use of aromatic products to mask the naturally unpleasant odour of phthalates encourages children to put the articles into their mouths, thereby swallowing toxic substances. Press enquiries: André Riche (Strasbourg) tel.(33-3) 881 73840 (Brussels) tel.(32-2) 28 40992 Mobile: (32) 0498.983.585 e-mail : envi-press@europarl.eu.int Energy Security of electricity supply - agreement between Parliament and Council Giles CHICHESTER (EPP-ED, UK) Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council concerning measures to safeguard security of electricity supply and infrastructure investment ( COM(2003)0740 – C5 0643/2003 – 2003/0301(COD)) Doc.: A6-0099/2005 Procedure : Codecision (1st reading) Debate : 04.07.2005 Parliament adopted a legislative resolution on the security of electricity supply and infrastructure investment. Parliament adopted several amendments to the Commission proposal, which are acceptable to the Council. As the plenary approved the proposed amendments, the procedure can be concluded at the first reading stage. The purpose of the Commission proposal is to set up an internal framework within which Member States will define general, transparent and non-discriminatory policies on the security of electricity supply compatible with the requirements of a competitive single market for electricity. The Commission believes that, in order to support the necessary investment, Member States must adopt a stable regulatory framework. Particular priority should be given to interconnections