concerned and immediately communicated to the Commission which shall inform the other Member States. It shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union (C series). As from the date that the decision has been made public by the Member State concerned, Member States shall verify, through the corresponding documentation, that no retention on board, landings, cagings or transhipments of the relevant fish caught, after the date of closure, by vessels flying the flag of the Member State concerned take place in their waters and on their territory. Amendment 4 0 Proposal for a regulation Article 28 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. These deductions and the consequent allocations shall be made taking into account as a matter of priority the species and zones for which the fishing opportunities were fixed. They may be made during the year in which the prejudice occurred or in the succeeding year or years . 3. These deductions and the consequent allocations shall be made taking into account as a matter of priority the species and zones for which the fishing opportunities were fixed. They may be made during the year in which the prejudice occurred or in the succeeding year. Justification In view of the current crisis in the fishing industry, the prejudice should be remedied as quickly as possible. Amendment 4 1 Proposal for a regulation Article 28 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 28a Transfer of unused quotas 1. If all or part of the quotas for a Member State will not be used during the year in which they were granted, these quotas may be used, that same year, by other Member States. The Commission shall first of all inform the Member States concerned, asking them to confirm that they are not going to use these fishing opportunities. Following such confirmation, the Commission shall assess all the unused fishing opportunities and inform the Member States thereof, before taking the decision on their reallocation, in close cooperation with the Member States concerned. 2. The transmission of applications in accordance with this Article shall in no way affect the allocation of fishing opportunities or their exchange among Member States, in accordance with Article 20 of Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002. 3. Detailed rules for the application of this Article, and in particular those referring to the conditions for the use or transfer of quotas,