2 – paragraph 4 – point c Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (c) in providing objective, reliable and comparable statistics, information and data, the Agency shall enable the Commission and the Member States to take the necessary steps to improve their actions and to evaluate the effectiveness of existing measures. Such tasks shall include the collection, recording and evaluation of technical data, the systematic exploitation of existing databases, including their cross-fertilisation, and, where appropriate, the development of additional databases. On the basis of the data collected, the Agency shall assist the Commission in the publication of information relating to ships pursuant to Directive 2009/16/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Agency shall also assist the Commission and the Member States in their activities to improve the identification and pursuit of ships making unlawful discharges in the context of Directive 2005/35/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. (c) in providing objective, reliable and comparable statistics, information and data, the Agency shall enable the Commission and the Member States to take the necessary steps to improve their actions and to evaluate the effectiveness and cost-efficiency of existing measures. Such tasks shall include the collection, recording and evaluation of technical data, the systematic exploitation of existing databases, including their cross-fertilisation, and, where appropriate, the development of additional databases. On the basis of the data collected, the Agency shall assist the Commission in the publication of information relating to ships pursuant to Directive 2009/16/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Agency shall also assist the Commission and the Member States in their activities to improve the identification and pursuit of ships making unlawful discharges in the context of Directive 2005/35/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. Amendment 52 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 2 – paragraph 4 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4a. The Agency shall compile a yearly overview of incidents and near-accidents from the relevant bodies of M ember S tates. Justification The overview will be aided by the data base that the Agency is currently instigating (see Article 17 and Annex II of Directive 2009/18 the fundamental principles governing the investigation of accidents in the maritime transport sector). It will provide an appropriate overview at EU level and provide valuable input for further EU actions. Amendment 53 Proposal