States. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT The concept of aid effectiveness has acquired growing importance in international discussions, so much that we could speak of and 'international aid effectiveness agenda'. This agenda, established by the Paris Declaration in 2005 draws attention to the big picture, to ensure that the ultimate objectives of the aid system as a whole are being met; that the international aid system remains true to its primary purpose, that is, fight against poverty; and that all parties concerned have a framework for enquiring into broad lessons of good practice and establishing a consensus on how aid could be improved. What is more interesting is that the Paris Declaration goes further by establishing specific commitments intended to promote enhanced aid effectiveness, based on international negotiations and dialogue, mutual accountability, and a set of indicators for tracking progress. In September 2008, ministers from all countries, heads of development agencies and civil society organisations from around the world will gather in Accra for the Third High-Level Forum (HLF) on Aid Effectiveness (2-4 September). Their common objective is to help developing countries and marginalised people in their fight against poverty by making aid more transparent, accountable and results-oriented. This is, by no means, the end of the aid effectiveness agenda. On the contrary, it sets the goals to be attained in the post-Monterrey financing of aid scenario, therefore the European efforts on this subject should be considered beyond Accra. Expectations are that the Forum will agree on an Accra Action Agenda identifying concrete steps to accelerate the implementation of the Paris Declaration. A first round of monitoring conducted in 2006 suggests that important efforts are still needed if we are to achieve the commitments agreed in the Paris Declaration and realise the full potential for improving development effectiveness at the country level. As the central thrust of discussions in the Accra HLF will be the implementation of the Paris Declaration, it is thus important that the European Union, and especially the European Parliament, consider how its own work will contribute to this implementation process and how the aid effectiveness principles embedded in the Paris Declaration have contributed, so far, to deliver more and better aid. Therefore, the aim of this report is to establish a common position of the European Parliament on the run up for the Accra HLF which could be of valuable use in the aid effectiveness debate among the European