of trade between the ACP countries and the European Union; 8. Asks for a prompt ratification procedure in order to make the benefits of the IEPA available for the partner countries without unnecessary delay; 9. Points out that, if the agreement were confirmed, major efforts as well as massive European support would be required in order to bring the Cameroonian economy up to standard; 10. Believes that, despite Cameroonian agricultural products having preferential access to the European market, the EPA cannot bring about the development of Cameroonian agricultural production unless production capacity is strengthened and modernised through technical and financial investment; 11. Notes that the large gap between levels of public spending on agricultural subsidies between the European Union and ACP economies disadvantages farmers in the ACP countries by decreasing their competitiveness both domestically and abroad, as their products are more costly in real terms; 12. Supports therefore the agreed tariff-line exclusions focused on agricultural goods and some processed agricultural goods, given that they are based chiefly on the need to protect infant industries or sensitive products in these countries; 13. Urges the negotiators of any comprehensive EPA to account fully for the transparent management of natural resources and to outline the best practices necessary in order that the relevant countries may make the maximum gains from such resources; 14. Calls on the Commission to clarify how funds stemming from the pledged priority spending within the increased Aid for Trade budget are actually distributed throughout the ACP region; 15. Believes that the timetable for committing and paying out European funds should be respected, as agreed in the regional and national indicative programmes, since such funds are essential to accompany the ACP countries in the liberalisation process; 16. Emphasises that European financing must help both to bring ACP countries’ economies up to standard and to offset the losses in customs revenue; calls on the Commission to indicate as soon as possible its methods for calculating the net fiscal impact of the EPAs; 17. Insists that, in keeping with the Paris Principles on Aid Effectiveness, aid must be, inter alia, demand-driven, and calls on the ACP, therefore, to state what additional EPA-related funds are needed, particularly with regard to regulatory frameworks, safeguard measures, trade facilitation, support in meeting international sanitary and phytosanitary and intellectual property standards and the composition of the EPA monitoring mechanism; 18 Urges the relevant countries to provide clear