Answer given by Mr Dimas on behalf of the Commission (19 July 2005) The Commission has been informed about the transfer of the former Danish ferry ‘ Kong Frederik IX ’ (now ‘ Ricky ’ and registered in St. Vincent and the Grenadines) from Denmark to India. According to the available information it appears that the ship was falsely declared as destined for further use as a ship and it only became apparent that it was going to be scrapped after it had left the port. Although the Commission supports the Danish view that the transfer of this ship could be regarded as an export of hazardous waste for which the Basel Convention applies, the International Maritime Organisation (IMO) Conventions cannot be ignored. Indeed, this case shows the current problems with the enforcement of the Basel Convention by its contracting parties due to other obligations under IMO Conventions according to which it is impossible to stop a ship with valid IMO certificates. Nothing in these IMO Conventions provides for an exemption of this general rule even if the ship is declared as being sold in order to be scrapped. Member States are under obligation to apply and enforce the Waste Shipment Regulation (Council Regulation (EEC) No 259/93 Council Regulation (EEC) No 259/93 of 1 February 1993 on the supervision and control of shipments of waste within, into and out of the European Community, OJ L 30, 6.2.1993. ) which incorporates the Basel Convention into Community law and includes the so-called ‘Basel ban’ on exports of hazardous waste to non-OECD Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development. countries. Where a Member State fails to fulfil its obligations, the Commission will not hesitate to take appropriate measures against that Member State. The EU Waste Shipment Regulation can, however, only be enforced where a ship becomes waste in European waters. The fact that nearly all ships are dismantled in developing countries — often under totally inadequate conditions — makes it necessary to come to solutions at an international level. Therefore, the Commission supports the initiatives in the framework of the International Labour Organisation (ILO), the IMO and the Basel Convention as well as in the Joint Working Group of those organisations to establish a system of binding international rules which guarantee that ship recycling is done worldwide in a safe and environmentally sound manner. Several proposals, including the establishment of a ship reporting system,