liikmed" in Estonian, "Βoυλευτές τoυ Ευρωπαϊκoύ Κoιvoβoυλίoυ" in Greek, "Members of the European Parliament" in English, "Députés au Parlement européen" in French, "Feisirí de Pharlaimint na hEorpa" in Irish, "Deputati al Parlamento europeo" in Italian, "Eiropas Parlamenta deputāti" in Latvian, "Europos Parlamento nariai" in Lithuanian, "Európai Parlamenti Képviselők" in Hungarian, "Membri tal-Parlament Ewropew" in Maltese, "Leden van het Europees Parlement" in Dutch, "Posłowie do Parlamentu Europejskiego" in Polish, "Deputados ao Parlamento Europeu" in Portuguese, "Deputaţi în Parlamentul European" in Romanian, "Poslanci Európskeho parlamentu" in Slovak, "Poslanci Evropskega parlamenta" in Slovene, "Euroopan parlamentin jäsenet" in Finnish, "Ledamöter av Europaparlamentet" in Swedish. Rule 2 The independent mandate Members of the European Parliament shall exercise their mandate independently. They shall not be bound by any instructions and shall not receive a binding mandate. Rule 3 Verification of credentials 1. Following elections to the European Parliament, the President shall invite the competent authorities of the Member States to notify Parliament without delay of the names of the elected Members so that all Members may take their seats in Parliament with effect from the opening of the first sitting following the elections. At the same time, the President shall draw the attention of those authorities to the relevant provisions of the Act of 20 September 1976 and invite them to take the necessary measures to avoid any incompatibility with the office of Member of the European Parliament. 2. Members whose election has been notified to Parliament shall declare in writing, before taking their seat in Parliament, that they do not hold any office incompatible with that of Member of the European Parliament within the meaning of Article 7(1) or (2) of the Act of 20 September 1976. Following general elections, the declaration shall be made, where possible, no later than six days prior to Parliament's constitutive sitting. Until such time as Members' credentials have been verified or a ruling has been given on any dispute, and provided that they have previously signed the above-mentioned written declaration, they shall take their seat in Parliament and on its bodies and shall enjoy all the rights attaching thereto. Where it is established from facts verifiable from sources available to the public that a Member holds an office incompatible with that of Member of the European Parliament, within the meaning of Article 7(1) and (2) of the Act of 20 September 1976, Parliament, on the basis of the information