Answer given by Mr Cioloş on behalf of the Commission (8 July 2010) 1. An agro-ecosystem is an ecosystem under agricultural management, connected to other ecosystems. Out of the 231 habitat types of European interest targeted by Annex I of the EU Habitats Directive, 55 depend on extensive agricultural practices or can benefit from them. Nearly 30 species of European interest from the Habitats Directive Directive 92/43/EEC of 21 May 1992 on the conservation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and flora. and nearly 40 species from the Birds Directive Directive 2009/147/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 November 2009 on the conservation of wild birds. are linked to agro-ecosystems. Those habitats are maintained by appropriate forms of agricultural land management which, thus, helps to preserve a wide range of wild species and provide ecosystem services through the preservation of habitats, biodiversity and landscapes. Reference to ‘Agro-ecosystems’ is made in the European Community Biodiversity Strategy COM(98)42 final. . It mentions as one of the key objectives of the strategy the need to ‘place species and ecosystems, including agro-ecosystems, at a satisfactory conservation status’ against a background of evidence that shows that three quarters of habitats of European interest and two thirds of species of the Habitats directive linked to agro-ecosystems are in unfavourable conservation status EEA 2010 Biodiversity Baseline to be published. . 2. The concept of ‘sustainability’ incorporates economic, social and environmental objectives. This concept has been endorsed in the context of the common agricultural policy (CAP) in view of addressing multiple objectives in a coherent manner: producing safe, healthy and quality food, contributing to the social and economic development of rural areas, and protecting and enhancing the farmed environment and its biodiversity. The very idea of ‘sustainable agriculture’ and the policy responses provided by the CAP refer to the need to strike the right balance between these objectives. Agro-ecological indicators, such as farmland birds and High Nature Value areas have been listed in the Commission Communication COM(2006)508 final. The integration of environmental concerns into the CAP is, indeed, a dynamic process that requires regular monitoring. Agri-environmental indicators are key tools in this respect and should be further developed. 3. Rural Development Policy offers Member States the means to pursue coherent and effective environmental strategies in the field of agriculture. The design of Rural Development Programmes (RDPs) has to be coherent with the respective