the procedure referred to in Article 4(2). 1. The Commission may, in particular in the situation referred to in Article 15(1), adopt appropriate safeguard measures acting in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 4(2). Amendment 290 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 21 – point 8 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 625/2009 Article 18 – paragraph 1 – introductory part 8a. In Article 18(1), the introductory part is replaced by the following: ‘ 1. While any surveillance or safeguard measure applied in accordance with Chapters IV and V is in operation, the consultations within the Committee provided for in Article 4(1) shall be held, either at the request of a Member State or on the initiative of the Commission. The purpose of such consultations shall be: ’ Amendment 291 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 21 – point 9 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 625/2009 Article 19 a (new) 9a. The following article is inserted: 'Article 19a Report 1. The Commission shall present an annual report on the application and implementation of this Regulation to the European Parliament. The report shall include information about the application of provisional and definitive measures, prior surveillance measures, regional surveillance and safeguard measures, and the activities of the various bodies responsible for monitoring the implementation of this Regulation and fulfilment of the obligations arising therefrom. 2. The European Parliament may, within one month from the Commission presenting the report, invite the Commission to an ad hoc meeting of its responsible committee to present and explain any issues related to the implementation of this Regulation. 3. No later than six months after presenting the report to the European Parliament, the Commission shall make the report public.‘ Amendment 292 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 22 – point -1 (new) Regulation (EC) No 1061/2009 Recital 11 a (new) -1. The following recital is inserted: ‘(11a) The implementation of this Regulation requires uniform conditions for the adoption of protective measures to prevent a critical situation from arising on account of a shortage of essential products, or to remedy such a situation, and to make the export of a product subject to the production of an export authorisation. Those measures should be adopted by the Commission in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16