area of port state control, the Union is working closely with the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control. In order to maximise efficiency, the Agency and the Secretariat of the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control should cooperate as closely as possible, while the Commission and Member States should examine all options for further efficiency gains. Amendment 24 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 11 b (new) (11b) The Agency's expertise in the areas of pollution and accident response in the marine environment would also be valuable in the development of guidance on the licensing of oil and gas exploration and production. The Agency should therefore assist the Commission and Member States in this task. Amendment 25 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 13 (13) The Commission and the Agency should cooperate closely in the preparation of the operational working methods of the Agency regarding inspections. As long as the measures concerning those working methods have not entered into force, the Agency should follow the existing practise for the conduct of the inspections. (13) The Commission and the Agency should cooperate closely to prepare as urgently as possible the operational working methods of the Agency regarding inspections. As long as the measures concerning those working methods have not entered into force, the Agency should follow the existing practice for the conduct of the inspections. Amendment 26 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 14 14. The requirements for the operational working methods of the Agency for conducting inspections should be adopted by in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission. (14) In order to adopt the requirements for the operational working methods of the Agency for conducting inspections, the power to adopt acts in accordance with Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union should be delegated to the Commission . Amendment 27 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 14 a (new) (14a) All these measures, and the Agency's contribution to coordination between the Member States and the Commission, should be directed towards the development of a genuine European Maritime Area. Amendment 28 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 14 b (new) (14b) Council Regulation (EC, Euratom) No 1605/2002 of 25 June 2002 on the Financial Regulation