III - Commission Draftsman: Joseph Muscat PA_NonLeg SUGGESTIONS The Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection calls on the Committee on Budgets, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: This Committee is looking within heading 3 'Internal Policies' at title 12 'Internal Market', at title 14 'Taxation and custom union' as far as it concerns customs aspects and at title 17 'Health and Consumer Protection' focusing on consumer protection. This opinion is drafted considering that the year 2006 is the last budgetary year within the present financial framework 2000 - 2006. Therefore the suggestions hereafter made have to take into account on the one hand the existing Budget structure and policy priorities for the final year of this financial period. On the other hand, the ongoing discussions about the orientations of the next Financial Perspectives for the years 2007-2013 have an influence on the suggestions this committee is putting forward. Since the EU Budget derives from revenues generated in the Member States, the overall realities of budgetary policies in the Member States have their effects on the financial environment of EU expenditure. Generally, public expenditure at national level has seen reductions to the effect that many programs are limited to the absolute essential. Bearing in mind the importance of the policy areas within the remit of this committee, such savings may not always be indicated for these areas. The responsibilities of this committee cover the operation and development of the Internal Market including administrative and personnel costs, actions in the customs field such as the Customs 2007 Programme and certain measures within health and consumer protection. 1. Internal Market The Internal Market being a backbone of the EU economic policy deserves sufficient resources allowing proper functioning and further developments, where appropriate. The recent enlargement of the Union to now 25 Member States created the biggest integrated market around the world. Challenges resulting from this development need to be taken into account in analysing the proposed financial envelop for this policy area. The Commission's preliminary draft budgets for heading 3 relating to the policy areas this Committee looks after sees an increase of 1,8% or EUR 166 400 000 to a total of EUR 9 129 000 000 for commitment appropriations. In contrast to the importance of the Internal Market as briefly set out above, Title 12 concerning the internal market is