procedure, first reading, and is on the agenda for the November II plenary session in Strasbourg. Among their amendments, MEPs laid down how Member States should improve agency workers’ basic statutory employment rights and social protection. They also modified the proposed "non-discrimination" principle. The Commission says a temporary agency worker should be treated no less favourably than a ”comparable” worker in the user company who is carrying out identical or similar work, although it would allow derogations by Member States (e.g. temporary agency workers who have a permanent employment contract with their agency or are on an assignment of less than six weeks). The Employment Committee backs the non-discrimination principle but thinks that instead of having to identify a "comparable worker" the focus should be on ensuring that agency employees' working conditions while on assignment are at least as good as those they would have if hired directly by the user firm. Compromise amendments were also adopted on the controversial issue of derogations from the equal treatment principle. Members voted to delete the possibility of a general derogation for assignments of less than six weeks. An exemption for permanent contracts was accepted but – contrary to the Commission’s proposal - limited to pay. This exemption was also extended to other contracts lasting at least 18 months but the committee insisted on greater protection regarding the payment of workers between assignments. However, not wishing to impose any unnecessary restrictions on temporary work, the committee backed the Commission's suggestion that any limitations or bans on such work should be reviewed by the Member States and only maintained if justified. They in fact adopted a compromise amendment broadening the scope of such reviews while at the same time extending the grounds on which restrictions can be justified (e.g. protection of "temps", health and safety and other risks to certain groups of workers or sectors). Another amendment requires Member States to prevent the use of temporary agency workers for strike-breaking. The committee is keen to maintain the right balance between flexibility and security. The key issue is how to provide greater protection for temporary agency workers so as to allow this form of work to be used without compromising the interests of such workers or the user firm’s main workforce. 21.10.2002 Committee on Employment and Social Affairs In the chair: Theodorus BOUWMAN (Greens/EFA, NL) Press enquiries: Constanze Beckerhoff - tel. (32-2) 28 44302 e-mail: