identification of projects of common interest, their specifications and priority projects should be without prejudice to the results of the environmental impact assessment of the projects and of the plans or programmes. (17) The identification of projects of common interest, their specifications and priority projects , in particular those of European interest, should be without prejudice to the results of the environmental impact assessment of the projects and of the plans or programmes. Amendment 8 Recital 19 a (new) (19a). Information which must be exchanged or provided to the Commission under the provisions of this Decision is likely to be held, to a large extent, by companies. Therefore, Member States may have to cooperate with these companies in order to obtain this information. Amendment 9 Article 1, paragraph 1 This Decision defines the nature and scope of Community action to establish guidelines for trans European energy networks. It establishes a series of guidelines covering the objectives, priorities and broad lines of action by the Community in respect of trans European energy networks. These guidelines identify projects of common interest, including those which have priority , among trans European electricity and gas networks. This Decision defines the nature and scope of Community action to establish guidelines for trans European energy networks. It establishes a series of guidelines covering the objectives, priorities and broad lines of action by the Community in respect of trans-European energy networks. These guidelines identify projects of common interest and priority projects , including those of European interest , among trans-European electricity and gas networks. Amendment 10 Article 5, point (a) (a) the identification of projects of common interest referred to in Article 6 ; (a) the identification of projects of common interest and priority projects, including those of European interest ; Amendment 11 Article 6, paragraph 5 5. Member States shall take any measures they consider necessary to facilitate and speed up the completion of projects of common interest and to minimise delays while complying with Community law and international conventions on the environment. In particular, the necessary authorisation procedures shall be completed rapidly. 5. Member States shall take any measures they consider necessary to facilitate and speed up the completion of projects of common interest and to minimise delays while complying with Community law and international conventions on the environment , especially as regards projects declared to be of European interest . In particular, the necessary