including intellectual property, c) court proceedings and legal advice or d) the scope of inspections or investigations, shall be permitted only if it is necessary to bring about the cessation or prohibition of an infringement of the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy and the authority communicating the information consents to its disclosure. Justification Amendment 8 8 Proposal for a regulation Article 108 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. For the secure part of its website, each Member State shall provide remote access to the Commission and the body designated by it. The Member State shall grant access to Commission officials based on electronic certificates generated by the Commission or the body designated by it. 3. For the secure part of its website, each Member State shall provide remote access to the Commission and the body designated by it. The Member State shall grant access to Commission officials based on electronic certificates generated by the Commission or the body designated by it. Third countries shall be provided with the information included in paragraphs 1(b), 1(d) and 1(f) for Community vessels that apply for licences to fish in their waters. The information shall be provided at the request of the third country concerned and without delay, on condition that the third country guarantees in writing the confidentiality of the information. The transfer of personal data under this provision shall be deemed to comply with Article 26(1)(d) of Directive 95/46/EC. Justification When EU vessels apply for authorisations to fish in third countries, under partnership agreements or private ones, the third country government should have the right to know certain types of information about those vessels, provided they agree on the confidentiality of the data. Amendment 8 9 Proposal for a regulation Article 112 Regulation (EC) No 768/2005 Article 17a – paragraph 1 – introductory wording Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Without prejudice to the enforcement powers conferred by the Treaty on the Commission, the Agency shall assist the Commission for the purpose of evaluating and controlling the application of the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy by the Member States. The Agency may undertake inspections of public authorities and private operators in the Member States. For this purpose it may, in compliance with the legal provisions of the Member State concerned, 1. Without prejudice to the enforcement powers conferred by the Treaty on the Commission, the