in the life cycle of EEE, e.g. producers, distributors and consumers and, in particular, those operators directly involved in the collection and treatment of WEEE. In particular, different national applications of the producer responsibility principle may lead to substantial disparities in the financial burden on economic operators. Having different national policies on the management of WEEE hampers the effectiveness of recycling policies. For that reason the essential criteria should be laid down at Union level , and European standards for the collection and treatment of WEEE should be developed . Justification Reinstatement of Parliament’s first-reading position. The retrieval of critical raw materials is a key aspect of this directive, and specific reference should therefore be made to it. The development of European standards for the collection and treatment of WEEE is also important for effective, environmentally-friendly recycling. Amendment 2 Council position Recital 9 Council position Amendment (9) A number of definitions should be included in this Directive in order to specify its scope. However, in the framework of a revision of the scope, the definition of EEE should be improved by clarifying it. Until this will be set in the legislation of the Union , Member States may continue to apply relevant national measures and current established practices, in compliance with Union law. deleted Justification Definitions should be laid down in the directive itself and should certainly not lead, as a result of differing national interpretations and practices, to the fragmentation of the internal market. Amendment 3 Council position Recital 10 Council position Amendment (10) Ecodesign requirements facilitating the re-use, dismantling and recovery of WEEE should , where relevant, be laid down in the framework of measures implementing Directive 2009/125/EC. In order to optimise re-use and recovery through product design, the whole life-cycle of the product should be taken into account. (10) Ecodesign requirements facilitating the re-use, dismantling and recovery of WEEE should be laid down in the framework of measures implementing Directive 2009/125/EC. In order to optimise re-use and recovery through product design, the whole life-cycle of the product should be taken into account. Justification Imposing eco-design requirements on energy-using products not only has a bearing on a product’s energy consumption, but also makes for more straightforward re-use, dismantling and recycling of EEE. Ensuring that the design process also covers the recycling phase can lead to more and better recycling and the recovery of raw materials. These criteria from