amendments at second reading be kept to a few important additions and clarifications, consistent with the outcome of the first reading. Opening the market The common position sets 1 July 2007 as the date for full opening of the market. At first reading Parliament proposed 1 January 2005. Your rapporteur however recommends accepting this delay for the sake of overall agreement. What is important is that the directive sets a date for the market to be open to all customers with no strings attached. Guaranteeing the independence of the regulators The Member States must designate one or more competent bodies as regulatory authorities, and these must be completely independent of the interests of the gas industry. Parliament’s first reading also called for the greatest possible independence from governments. The regulatory authorities must at least ensure non-discriminatory and effective competition and efficient functioning of the market and must lay down or approve, prior to their entry into force, the conditions for access by third parties to transmission and distribution networks and to LNG facilities. The wording that the Council has chosen for Article 25 is vague as to powers and responsibilities, consequently providing significantly less independence and decision-making power, and it must therefore be clarified to give a greater measure of independence. Ensuring effective competition Your rapporteur takes the view that one of the obstacles to the development of effective competition in the natural gas sector in Europe may be the scope of long-term supply and transportation contracts. They should not be called into question. However the power under the regulation to require the release of gas or gas transportation capacity from long-term contracts, where the regulatory authority considers this necessary for the development of sustainable competition, is very important. Amendment 152 from the first reading should therefore be reinstated. Strict and restrictive conditions should govern the granting of an exemption from the rule of non-discriminatory access to the network by third parties. Competition in the gas market and security of supply must be improved by investment. Clarifying unbundling Under Article 33(2) of the common position, the Member States can delay implementation of legal unbundling for distribution system operators until 1 July 2007. In addition the Member States can apply for overall exemption if they have alternative instruments which have the same aim as legal unbundling, have already been implemented and have been shown to be effective overall. Under Article 29