If the President decides that the result is doubtful, a fresh vote shall be taken using the electronic voting system and, if the latter is not working, by sitting and standing. 3. The result of the vote shall be recorded. Rule 166 Final vote When voting on any proposal for a legislative act, whether by way of a single and/or final vote, Parliament shall vote by roll call using the electronic voting system. Rule 167 Voting by roll call 1. In addition to the cases provided for under Rules 106(4), 107(5) and 166, the vote shall be taken by roll call if this is requested in writing by a political group or at least 40 Members the evening before the vote unless the President sets a different deadline. 2. The roll call vote shall be taken using the electronic voting system. Where the latter cannot be used for technical reasons, the roll shall be called in alphabetical order, beginning with the name of a Member drawn by lot. The President shall be the last to be called to vote. Voting shall be by word of mouth and shall be expressed by "Yes", "No", or "I abstain". In calculating whether a motion has been adopted or rejected account shall be taken only of votes cast for and against. The President shall establish the result of the vote and announce it. Votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the sitting by political group in the alphabetical order of Members' names, with an indication of how they voted. Rule 168 Electronic voting 1. The President may at any time decide that the voting operations indicated in Rules 165, 167 and 169 will be carried out by means of the electronic voting system. Where the electronic voting system cannot be used for technical reasons, voting shall take place in accordance with Rules 165, 167(2) or 169. The technical arrangements for using the electronic voting system shall be governed by instructions from the Bureau. 2. Where an electronic vote is taken, only the numerical result of the vote shall be recorded. However, if a vote by roll call has been requested in accordance with Rule 167(1), the votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the sitting by political group in the alphabetical order of Members' names. 3. The vote by roll call shall be taken in accordance with Rule 167(2) if a majority