a proposal for a decision of the European Council amending Part Three of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, Rule 74a(2) shall apply mutatis mutandis. In that event, the motion for a resolution may contain proposals for amendments only of provisions of Part Three of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. Rule 74c Accession treaties 1. Any application by a European State to become a member of the European Union shall be referred for consideration to the committee responsible. 2. Parliament may decide, on a proposal from the committee responsible, a political group or at least 40 Members, to request the Commission and the Council to take part in a debate before negotiations with the applicant State commence. 3. Throughout the negotiations the Commission and the Council shall inform the committee responsible regularly and fully of their progress, if necessary on a confidential basis. 4. At any stage of the negotiations Parliament may, on the basis of a report from the committee responsible, adopt recommendations and require these to be taken into account before the conclusion of a Treaty for the accession of an applicant State to the European Union. 5. When the negotiations are completed, but before any agreement is signed, the draft agreement shall be submitted to Parliament for consent in accordance with Rule 81. Rule 74d Withdrawal from the Union If a Member State decides, pursuant to Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, to withdraw from the Union, the matter shall be referred to the committee responsible. Rule 74c shall apply mutatis mutandis . Parliament shall decide on consent to an agreement on the withdrawal by a majority of the votes cast. Rule 74e Breach by a Member State of fundamental principles 1. Parliament may, on the basis of a specific report of the committee responsible drawn up in accordance with Rules 41 and 48: (a) vote on a reasoned proposal calling on the Council to act pursuant to Article 7(1) of the Treaty on European Union; (b) vote on a proposal calling on the Commission or the Member States to submit a proposal pursuant to Article 7(2) of the Treaty on European Union; (c) vote on a proposal calling on the Council to act pursuant to Article 7(3) or, subsequently, Article 7(4) of the Treaty on European Union. 2. Any request from the Council for consent in relation