Answer given by Mr Tajani on behalf of the Commission (22 October 2009) 1. The Commission has been informed by the Dutch authorities of their decision to abandon ‘depolderisation’ as a nature restoration measure in the Western Scheldt. The Commission is aware of the tensions between the Netherlands and Flanders due to the suspension of the deepening works of the Western Scheldt. 2. In 2005 the Netherlands and Flanders agreed on launching an integrated development scheme for the Western Scheldt up to 2010 and beyond, including flood protection measures, the deepening of the river Scheldt and a significant nature restoration package. The plan was subject to a treaty between the Netherlands and the Flemish Region. The plan included the development of 600 ha new estuarine habitats, including the ‘depolderisation’ of 300 ha of land in the so called ‘Hedwige Polder’. The decision on the contents and location of nature restoration measures in the Western Scheldt is for the competent Dutch authorities, not for the Commission. The directive 92/43/EEC of 21 May 1992 on the conservation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and flora OJ L 206 of 22.7.1992 . (the ‘Habitats Directive’) does not a priori include an obligation for the Netherlands to involve the Commission in decisions on nature restoration measures or in the authorisation procedure for deepening the Scheldt River. It is for the competent Dutch authorities to make sure that their decisions comply with the EU environmental legislation. An obligation to inform the Commission would only arise should it appear that actually significant negative effects on a Natura 2000 site cannot be avoided and that, as a consequence, compensatory measures would need to be taken. A Commission opinion would only be required if particular socalled priority species or priority habitat types would be affected. This is apparently not the case on the Western Scheldt. In any case, the treaty between Flanders and The Netherlands is an international treaty in relation to which the Commission has no authority to act. Conflicts related to the interpretation or application of the treaty should therefore be resolved following the conflict solving procedures contained therein. 3. On 1 July 2009 the Commission asked the Dutch authorities to provide her with information on the possible effects of the recent decision of the Dutch Government to abandon ‘depolderisation’ on the conservation status of the Scheldt estuary in general and on the expected ecological