key part of eradicating poverty; G. whereas the European Parliament considers that 'since water is a shared resource of mankind, the management of water resources should not be subject to the rules of the internal market' (resolution of 11 March 2004 on 'Internal market strategy: priorities 2003‑2006) ; H. whereas the issue of water, which is a limited and threatened resource, is more pressing in terms of economic rareness and of coordination within a complex chain of players than it is in terms of physical rareness; I. whereas water distribution is extremely inegalitarian, when it should be a universal public service, with the local level being the most pertinent for its definition and management; J. whereas control over water, which is essential for development, determines the conditions in which people exist, particularly when a lack of water triggers food insecurity; K. whereas water quality, which is essential to life, is one of the major factors in mortality in developing countries, causing 8 million deaths each year, 50% of which are children, with over a billion people not having easy access to drinking water at an affordable price; L. whereas the privatisation of the water distribution system in the less developed countries often results in insolvent communities being deprived of water, owing to the re-centring of investments on the solvent part of the urban population, when human beings should be granted the right to access to water, in order to satisfy their basic needs at a fair and bearable price; M. whereas in the context of unbridled urban growth the issue of water and sanitation in the urban environment is a key development question since a municipal capacity for good democratic governance practices can be built around local public services, whereas elected local bodies in developing countries experience immense difficulties in obtaining funding and harnessing the necessary skills; N. whereas the Commission has proposed that a billion euros be earmarked under the 9th EDF for the 'European Water Fund', and the Council has given its approval for 500 million, and this Fund enshrines the principle of launching calls for proposals, providing equal opportunities to all players; O. whereas the results of the first call for proposals show barely 3% of the successful projects to be ones presented by local authorities, representing less than 1% of the global amount allocated (or 230 million euro); P. whereas at its previous meeting in Kyoto