Answer given by Mr Cioloş on behalf of the Commission (31 August 2011) As regards the compensation to farmers for damage caused by the Escherichia coli crisis, the Commission decided to concentrate on the five most affected products, i.e. tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, sweet peppers and courgettes based on the information provided by the Member States. Since the outbreak of the Escherichia coli crisis, the Commission has been closely monitoring the market and has had exchanges of information and several meetings with the representatives of Member States. Even if other products have also been affected by the crisis, the very nature of temporary exceptional support measures implies that support be focused on a limited number of products and for a limited period of time. The choice of the Commission aims to be as balanced and efficient as possible. Producer organisations in the fruit and vegetables sector were aware of the crisis prevention and management tools they could use in the framework of their operational programmes. In this context they did not need to wait for a new Commission Regulation in order to apply green harvesting or withdrawals operations. Commission Regulation EU No 585/2011 of 17 June 2011 laying down temporary support measures for the fruit and vegetable sector OJ L 160, 18.6.2011. also provides for rules allowing producers non-members of producer organisations to apply for withdrawals, non-harvesting and green harvesting measures under certain conditions. Regarding the question of a promotion campaign, producer organisations may implement promotion and communication actions under the framework of their operational programmes. Besides, trade and inter-trade organisations representative of the fresh fruit and vegetables sector may also apply for EU co-financing for information and promotion measures under Council Regulation (EC) No 3/2008 OJ L 3, 5.1.2008. and Commission Regulation (EC) No 501/2008 OJ L 147, 6.6.2008. . In this regard, as a result of the E. coli outbreak, the Commission modified its Regulation (EC) No 501/2008 allowing an additional submission opportunity (by 16 August 2011) for information and promotion programmes for fruit and vegetables, intended for the internal market as well as for third countries. The Commission will propose to allocate for this additional submission an extra budget of EUR 15 million over the next three years. Following the submission of these programmes on 15 September 2011 by the Member States concerned, their ensuing pre-selection by the national authorities and their examination by the Commission, the Commission