The Week Ahead 10-16 May 2010 2010-05-07 - 10:45 Committee meetings and political groups week – Brussels Financial market reform. Draft laws involving major reform of financial services markets come to a vote in the Economics Committee: the Financial Supervisory Package and the directive on hedge funds and private equity (Monday). Global Monitoring for Environment and Security. The Industry Committee votes on legislation on a monitoring system that can detect floods and help target help after natural disasters (Tuesday). Internal Market/Monti report. Former Commissioner Mario Monti will present his report on re-launching the single market to the Internal Market Committee and EP President Jerzy Buzek (Monday) . President’s diary. Mr Buzek will meet President Danilo Türk of Slovenia (Monday, with a press point) . In addition, Mr Buzek will meet the Serbian Deputy Prime Minister, Božidar Đelić (Monday, with a press point) and the Turkish and Tunisian Foreign Ministers, Ahmet Davutoğlu and Kamel Morjane (both Monday). He will also meet Cypriot Foreign Minister Márkos Kyprianoú (Wednesday). Charlemagne Youth Prize/Charlemagne Prize. President Buzek will present this year’s prizes for projects by young people which foster the development of a common European identity (Tuesday), and will be present for the award of the Charlemagne Prize for service on behalf of European integration to Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk (Thursday). Preparing the plenary session. Parliament’s political groups will devote most of the week to preparations for the 17-20 May plenary session in Strasbourg. The main items on the agenda include legislation on energy efficiency, gender equality for the self-employed, the European Asylum Support Office, organ transplantation and the labelling of textiles. The key debate is on the Europe 2020 programme. Pre-session press briefing in Strasbourg. The regular briefing with political group spokespeople on the session agenda will take place in Strasbourg on Monday 17 May, just before the opening of the session. There will be no briefing on Friday. 2010-05-10 The President's diary 14:15 Meeting with Danilo TÜRK, President of the Republic of Slovenia followed by a press point (President's Office). 15:00 Meeting with Mario MONTI, President of Bocconi University 15:30 Speech before the Internal Market committee on the occasion of the presentation of the Monti Report on the re-launching of the single market 17:15 Meeting with Ahmet DAVOTOĞLU, Turkish Minister of Foreign Affairs 18:00 Meeting with Kamel MORIANE, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tunisia 18:30 Meeting with Božidar ĐELIĆ, Deputy Prime Minister