services, particularly technical-nautical services, as services of general interest in order to protect the public interest as regards safety in ports and adjacent waters . Amendment 4 Recital 8 (8) In accordance with principles of subsidiarity and proportionality as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty, the objectives of the proposed action, which is the access for any natural or legal person, established in the Community, to the market for port services, cannot be sufficiently achieved by the Member States because of the dimension of that action and can therefore be better achieved by the Community . This Directive confines itself to the minimum required in order to achieve that objective and does not go beyond what is necessary for that purpose. (8) In accordance with the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty, the objectives of the proposed action, which is the access for any natural or legal person, established in the Community, to the market for port services, can be better achieved by establishing common principles for all the Member States . This Directive confines itself to the minimum required in order to achieve that objective and does not go beyond what is necessary for that purpose. Amendment 3 Recital 8 a (new) (8a) In view of the special importance of pilotage services for safety of maritime traffic and thus for the protection of the environment in particularly vulnerable regions, each Member State should be free to adopt its own national rules for pilotage services which take into account the specific circumstances of each harbour. Amendment 5 Recital 9 (9) The Community legislation on access to port services does not exclude the application of other Community rules. Competition rules have already been applied to port services and are relevant in particular to monopoly situations. (9) Community legislation on access to port services does not exclude the application of other Community rules , including those relating to services of general economic interest provided for in Article 86(2) of the Treaty . Competition rules have already been applied to port services and are relevant in particular to monopoly situations. Amendment 6 Recital 11 (11) Since ports are made up of limited geographical areas, access to the market may, in certain cases , meet capacity and available-space constraints and traffic-related safety constraints for technical-nautical services . In such cases it may therefore be