Answer given by Mr Rehn on behalf of the Commission (16 August 2006) 1. The Government of Montenegro has historically provided protection to persons fleeing during the last 15 years, including persons fleeing from Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina as well as Kosovo during 1999. During the Kosovo crisis, more than 80000 persons seeking safety were permitted to enter Montenegro. Today, the Government of Montenegro’s Commissioner for Displaced Persons has registered 16366 persons who are accommodated on Montenegro territory in accordance with the 1992 ‘Ordinance on the Taking Care of Displaced Persons’. 2. The human rights situation of individuals originating from Kosovo in Montenegro continues to be of concern, as full enjoyment of civil, political, economical, social and cultural rights continues to be a challenge, in particular for Roma, Askhaelia and Egyptians minorities, who represent the most marginalised, destitute and vulnerable segment of the Kosovo population in Montenegro. Under the current legal and institutional framework, the full enjoyment of their rights, including access to civil registration, employment, Montenegro citizenship, documentation, and property/ownership rights are seriously curtailed, due to the fact that permanent residence, an essential requirement for access to rights in Montenegro, is not granted to displaced persons from Kosovo. 3 and 4. The Montenegro Commissioner for Displaced Persons statistics as of 30 June 2006 reflect that 16366 persons from Kosovo have the status of displaced. Nearly 20 % of this population live in precarious accommodation including former collective centres, many of which have been privatised and there people may be evicted. The Konik camp hosts 1236 persons mostly of Roma, Ashkali or Egyptian ethnicity from Kosovo. The vicinity around Konik hosts an estimated 1200 persons from Kosovo, again mostly of the Roma, Ashkali or Egyptian ethnicity with acute challenges in terms of accommodation and other social protection needs. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and The United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-HABITAT) sent a recommendation to Mayor Mugosha on 12 June 2006 with a proposal to address the situation of these persons in accordance with Council of Europe standards whilst also addressing the needs of the most vulnerable domicile (local) Roma population. Podgorica Mayor Mugosha has presented the Podgorica urban plans which show some land designated for social apartments. 5. The prevailing overall situation in Kosovo has continued to affect the creation of conditions conducive to sustainable return. With minimal or no progress in returns observed in 2005