port or landing facilities they wish to use at least 4 hours before the estimated time of arrival at the port, unless the competent authorities have given permission for an earlier entry, of the following information: Amendment 27 Proposal for a regulation Article 17 – paragraph 1 – point d Text proposed by the Commission Amendment d) dates of the fishing trip and the areas in which the catches were taken; d) dates of the fishing trip and the areas in which the catches were taken; the area shall be to the same level of detail as under Article 14(1) ; Justification The proposal currently has several different forms of wording for how the geographical origin of the fish should be described in the various documents. This and other amendments seek to standardize it, for ease of application. Amendment 28 Proposal for a regulation Article 17 – paragraph 1 – point f Text proposed by the Commission Amendment f) the quantities of each species retained on board , including zero catches returns ; f) the quantities of each species retained on board; Justification This paragraph is incomprehensible. Firstly, it is impossible to 'retain on board' something equal to zero. Secondly, what are fishermen supposed to do if they have to notify what they have not caught? Carry a list of all the species that are not found in the Atlantic, for instance, and note 'zero kilos' for all the species they have not caught? This wording is too confusing and would require much clarification before it can be accepted. It is going too far to require information concerning fish which have not been caught. Amendment 29 Proposal for a regulation Article 17 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. The Commission, in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 111, may exempt certain categories of fishing vessels from the obligation set out in paragraph 1 for a limited period, which may be renewed, or make provision for another notification period taking into account, inter alia, the type of fishery products, the distance between the fishing grounds, landing places and ports where the vessels in question are registered. 4. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission , may set, for certain categories of fishing vessels , another notification period for the obligation laid down in paragraph 1 taking into account, inter alia, the type of fishery