further to 65%. These cuts in support were not intended by the legislator and arise in part because of the inflexibility of the action programme as a whole. An additional cut in 2006 is particularly unfortunate since this will be the first year in which new organisations, not included in the list of organisations appended to the Decision establishing the programme, may apply for support. The draftsman will press for a revision of the Decision establishing the action programme, so as to permit an increase of EUR 2,06 in appropriations on line 15 04 01 03. These appropriations restore expenditure in real terms on this line to 2004 levels. 18. Town-twinning : In recent years, the Committee (and, indeed, the Parliament) has consistently shown its support for town-twinning partnerships by increasing the relevant appropriations. Support for town-twinning now forms part of the Community action programme to promote active European citizenship (2004-2006), which was adopted under the consultation procedure: the multi-annual programme budget of EUR 72 million has been inadequate to maintain expenditure at 2004 levels in 2005 and 2006. Once again, the successor programme proposed by the Commission (which will be adopted under co-decision) foresees a substantial increase in the scale of activities and correspondingly higher expenditure. The draftsman will propose an increase to EUR 12,5 millions on budget line 15 06 01 07, to restore the level of funding available under budget 2005. 19. Part of the appropriations proposed for the new pilot project on citizenship (line 15 06 01 09) will de devoted to testing changes in arrangements for town-twinning (such as multi-annual partnership agreements) to be introduced from 2007 onwards. Of the EUR 1,5 million proposed for this line, EUR 0,8 million is set aside for town-twinning and other initiatives to promote active citizenship: the draftsman will increase this sum by EUR 0,4 million, amending the budgetary remarks accordingly. Policy area 16 20. The draftsman notes that the proposals in the PDB fit into a broader pattern of under-implementation by the Commission of the budget for information lines: in practice, in recent years the Commission has implemented the PDB rather than the budget. She looks forward to the Commission's presentation of its new communication strategy: she hopes that, in the interim, the Inter-Institutional Working Group on information and communication, and the Committees on Budgets and on Budgetary Control, will consider the most appropriate means of encouraging the