of the whole rail network to international passenger transport (see, for example, Amendment 16 to the European Parliament's legislative resolution at second reading of 5 July 2000). Your rapporteur's position and the amendments tabled The Commission proposal for the amendment of the directive on the development of the Community's railways should be assessed on the basis of the objectives and proposals set out in the Commission White Paper 'European transport policy for 2010: time to decide'. With that White Paper, the European Union is rightly committing itself, as the European Parliament's provisional deliberations indicate, to restoring a balanced relationship between transport operators, and crucially in that connection, to a determined effort to revitalise rail transport. That is why the Union is concentrating its substantive commitments on the need to integrate rail transport within the internal market, make optimum use of infrastructures and modernise services. With the newly fixed objectives of the 12 September 2001 White Paper, the legislative steps in the railway sector hitherto are also rightly being brought up to date, with the result that arguments to the effect that the acceleration of efforts to open up the railway market would seek wrongly to overtake existing legislation no longer apply. On the basis of that standpoint, the rapporteur proposes a set of amendments in pursuit of four special objectives that, taken together, should serve the main purpose of so improving the framework conditions for rail transport progressively and on good time as to ensure that the railway sector can effectively deliver the expected favourable contribution to restoring a balanced relationship between both freight and passenger transport operators by the year 2010: 1. The separate trans-European network for rail freight transport for cross-border freight services should be fully set up for the period from 15 March 2003 to 1 January2006, as a means of registering some initial successes in boosting use of the railway network. The Commission proposals for deleting references to that special freight network should be themselves deleted (hence Amendments 1, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9). 2. Railways should be granted the right of access to the whole network in the European Union, including that for passenger rail transport - in both cross-border and national services - in order to boost the transfer of passenger transport from road and air to rail (Amendments 2 and 4). 3. In addition to railway undertakings, the right of access to