previous amendment. Amendment 8 Recital 7 (7) The Laeken European Council on 14 and 15 December 2001 reaffirmed its commitment to the policy guidelines and objectives defined at Tampere and noted that there was a need for new impetus and guidelines to make up for delays in some areas. It confirmed that a genuine common policy on immigration implied the establishment of common standards on procedures for family reunification and called on the Commission to present a new amended proposal. (7) The Laeken European Council on 14 and 15 December 2001 reaffirmed its commitment to the policy guidelines and objectives defined at Tampere and noted that there was a need for new impetus and guidelines to make up for delays in some areas. It confirmed , in particular in Point 40 of its Conclusions, that a genuine common policy on asylum and immigration implied the establishment of common standards on procedures for asylum, reception and family reunification and called on the Commission to present a new amended proposal. Justification Even if the scope of this proposal for a Directive goes beyond the category of refugees and applies more generally to third-country nationals who have been residing lawfully in the EU for a specific period of time, the Laeken European Council of 14 and 15 December 2001 made a specific link, in Point 40 of its Conclusions, between asylum and family reunification in the case of refugees. Amendment 9 Recital 7a (new) (7a) The Council should adopt as rapidly as possible the proposal for a Council directive submitted by the Commission on 12 September 2001 on minimum standards for refugee status and the status conferred by subsidiary protection, including the right of people enjoying such status to family reunification. Justification It is important that the Council should adopt this proposal for a Council directive, on which Parliament adopted a legislative resolution on 22 October 2002 based on the report by Jean Lambert ( A5-0333/2002 ). The Seville European Council set June 2003 as the deadline for the Council to reach a political agreement. Amendment 10 Recital 11 (11) Family reunification applies to members of the nuclear family, that is to say the spouse and the minor children. It is for States to decide whether they wish to extend this category and authorise family reunification for relatives in the ascending line, children who are of full age and unmarried partners. (11) Family