into force of this Directive. Justification Harmonised minimum requirements applicable to financial guarantees are needed to allow meaningful checking of guarantees for compliance. Criteria should be set to define how to assess the level of financial guarantees, taking account of recycling and treatment standards, and defining rules to verify them, in order to ensure comparable financial obligations for producers in the various Member States and thus also to make individual producer responsibility a reality. Amendment 56 Council position Article 12 – paragraph 5 Council position Amendment 5. Member States may, where appropriate, encourage producers or third parties acting on their behalf to develop appropriate mechanisms or refund procedures for the reimbursement of contributions to the producers where EEE is transferred for placing on the market outside the territory of the Member State concerned. deleted Justification Under the Commission and Parliament’s European approach, no multiple recycling charges, financial guarantees or even registration fees will arise, as an appliance only has to be registered once, when it is placed on the internal market, and accordingly a guarantee has to be provided or a recycling charge paid only once. No refund procedure is needed, therefore. Amendment 57 Council position Article 14 – title and paragraph 1 Council position Amendment Information for users Collection schemes and information for users 1. Member States may require producers to show purchasers, at the time of sale of new products, the costs of collection, treatment and disposal in an environmentally sound way. The costs mentioned shall not exceed the best estimate of the actual costs incurred. 1. In order to raise users' awareness, Member States shall ensure that all distributors of very small volume EEE put in place appropriate collection schemes for very small volume WEEE. Such collection schemes shall: (a) enable end-users to discard very small volume WEEE at an accessible and visible collection point in the retailer’s shop; (b) require retailers to take back very small volume WEEE at no charge; (c) not involve any charge to end-users when discarding very small volume WEEE, nor any obligation to buy a new product of the same type. Distributors supplying EEE directly to private households or users other than private households solely by means of distance communication shall only be subject to the obligations under points (b) and (c) of subparagraph 2 . The collection scheme put in place by these distributors shall enable end-users to return very