of citizens; – to protect the financial interests of the Community and its Member States; – to protect the Community from illegal or unfair trade, whilst supporting legitimate commercial activities; – to enhance the competitiveness of European businesses by establishing modern working methods backed up by an easily accessible environment. Facilitating trade through the customs system Your rapporteur wishes to point out that these import and export rules and procedures, if applied too stringently, could constitute a non-tariff barrier and discourage trade. It is here that the question of trade facilitation arises. Facilitation is currently the subject of important negotiations in Geneva under the Doha Round, one which is being addressed three years after the start of the Round (2004) and on which a genuine consensus between countries is taking shape. However, it will only be possible to reach an agreement in this field when all the issues of the Round have been dealt with, in accordance with the ‘Single Undertaking’ principle. However, since certain topics such as agriculture have slowed down the Doha negotiations, the entire trade facilitation reform has ground to a halt. That is why your rapporteur is calling for trade facilitation to be removed from the ‘Single Undertaking’ and to be dealt with separately. A lack of harmonisation: the cause of a fragile customs system Your rapporteur wishes to stress that the ongoing lack of harmonisation is a clear cause of the weakening of the European customs system. This system was the subject of legal proceedings, initiated by the United States, before the WTO Dispute Settlement Body. This body, following an appeal, confirmed that the EU customs system was compatible with WTO rules, though it did express a few criticisms, underlining the lack of harmonisation, as indeed the EU’s trading partners and European economic operators regularly do themselves in their calls for greater harmonisation between national customs administrations. This deficiency also results in companies being treated differently. For instance, it is illogical for VAT to be collected on imports by customs administrations or for companies to be given the option of paying VAT under a domestic system. Your rapporteur acknowledges that the harmonisation process is difficult, as there are intrinsic limits to it. However, he wishes to encourage this process and would stress that the fragmented implementation of our trade policy and common customs rules, split as they are between all national administrations, is a serious