Answer given by Mr Almunia on behalf of the Commission (16 February 2011) The enforcement of the competition rules is essential for the proper functioning of the common market by guaranteeing fair competitive conditions in Europe, for companies from within and outside the EU, and is to the ultimate benefit of the EU consumer. It is generally acknowledged that sufficiently deterrent fines constitute a crucial instrument to fight antitrust violations and are therefore a key pillar for a credible and effective competition policy. Given its jurisdiction to investigate cartels affecting the European market, irrespective of where cartel members have their seat of origin, the Commission has on various occasions imposed sanctions on companies located outside the EU (e.g., this applies for the cartel decisions concerning heat stabilisers, gas-insulated switchgear, power transformers, aluminium fluoride, flat glass, marine hoses or professional videotapes). At the same time, competition authorities outside the EU (like the U.S. Department of Justice) have investigated cartel behaviour affecting their jurisdictions which equally led to considerable fines and in certain cases follow-on actions for damages. Even leaving aside the need to ensure sufficient deterrence in the light of ongoing cartelisation in many business areas, there is thus no ground to consider that the Commission's fining policy would negatively affect the competitiveness of European companies. The Commission's fines, which totalled slightly over EUR 3 billion in 2010 While this is one of the highest overall fine amounts in the Commission's history of cartel enforcement, it is worth noting that the 7 cartel decisions adopted in 2010 concerned an unusually high number of cartel participants and that the infringements at issue in several cases affected economic sectors with a substantial overall product turnover (e.g., air freight, prestressing steel, bathroom fittings). as pointed out by the Honourable Member, must be viewed in light of the significant damage caused to the wider economy by these violations each year within the EEA. In view of this harm, there is no contradiction between an industrial policy focused on improving European competitiveness as set forth in the communication, and the creation of a level playing field and competitive conditions through the effective enforcement of competition rules. The instrument of impact assessments was introduced to assess the potential economic, social and environmental consequences of new Commission initiatives such as legislative proposals. The Commission strives to avoid a negative impact of its fines in terms of adverse social