. (2) The principle of mutual recognition should also apply to pre-trial orders, in particular to those which would enable competent judicial authorities quickly to seize property which is easily movable with a view to seizing it at a later stage or to obtaining or securing evidence of an offence . Justification When such important decisions are taken which may affect the rights of the general public, those decisions should be taken by the judicial authorities. This is no obstacle to the establishment of a procedure to be used in urgent cases which enables decisions to be taken immediately and ensures that those decisions achieve the desired objective. Furthermore, the purpose of the initiative is clearly to enable property to be frozen rapidly, so that evidence of an offence can be obtained or secured, or that frozen property can subsequently be seized. Amendment 5 Recital 3 (3) On 29 November 2000 the Council, in accordance with the Tampere conclusions, adopted a programme of measures to implement the principle of mutual recognition in criminal matters, giving first priority (measures 6 and 7) to the adoption of an instrument applying the principle of mutual recognition to the freezing of evidence and property . (3) On 29 November 2000 the Council, in accordance with the Tampere conclusions, adopted a programme of measures to implement the principle of mutual recognition in criminal matters, giving first priority (measures 6 and 7) to the adoption of an instrument applying the principle of mutual recognition to the freezing of property with a view to the subsequent seizure thereof or to obtaining or securing evidence of an offence. Justification The purpose of the initiative is clearly to enable property to be frozen rapidly, so that evidence of an offence can be obtained or secured, or that frozen property can subsequently be seized. Amendment 6 Recital 3a (new) (3a) Orders freezing property or evidence must be subject to adequate checks and must be issued by the appropriate judicial authorities. Justification It must be ensured that all orders freezing property or evidence are subject to judicial review which enables an appeal to be lodged against such orders in cases in which an order is deemed to be unlawful on account of a flaw in either its form or its substance. Amendment 7 Article 1 The purpose of the Framework Decision is to establish the rules under which a Member State