the greatest results, F. whereas the respect for and promotion of cultural and linguistic diversity and the sharing of a common cultural heritage work as a positive force in the integration process and the development of the EU, G. whereas the process of European integration and globalisation poses new challenges to the various European cultures and to the educational systems of the different Member States, not least in promoting awareness of other Member States’ culture and history, without losing sight of the importance of the national culture, H. whereas according to a 2000 Eurobarometer study Eurobarometer Study N° cat. NC-31-00-910-EN-C "How Europeans See Themselves" , the majority of EU citizens do not believe in the existence of a shared European cultural identity, I. whereas interest in culture is acquired in childhood and a significant contribution is made to this at the home and at educational establishments, including not only schools but also pre-school and other institutions, J. whereas, particularly in densely populated urban areas, many school pupils (or their parents) do not originate from the country in which they are attending school, which means that schools have a major cultural role to play in terms of integration; whereas, at the same time, this provides an excellent opportunity for cultural exchange and the development of intercultural understanding, K. whereas it is possible to stimulate cultural interest at school in particular by organising and participating in special events such as painting, photography and film competitions, visits by artists to schools, excursions to places of culture and cultural events in the locality, class trips abroad and pupil exchange schemes, L. whereas language teaching in particular plays a central role in acquiring an understanding of other cultures since contact with other languages initially involves contact with other cultural, literary and artistic works, 1. Regrets the fact that only 17% of 15-year-old pupils in the European Union possess the basic educational skills - reading, writing, arithmetic - that conforms with the average set by the OECD; 2. Calls on Member States, in particular those whose GDP percentage invested in Education is lower than the EU average, to increase investment in human resources in the field of education; 3. Points out that school education in Europe should put a greater emphasis on achieving a basic fundamental knowledge of the process of European integration; points out, moreover, that the European dimension should be present in all school