committed within their own territory. This is not clearly reflected in the wording of the draft. Finally, point c does not define the Framework Decision’s territorial scope or scope as regards persons but rather the purpose of the offence, and this provision should therefore be laid down in Article 4. Amendment 6 Article 2a (new) Article 2a – Scope as regards persons The Framework Decision also applies to offences as defined in Article 4 irrespective of the place where the offence has been committed, if it has been committed by a national of a Member State, for purposes of prosecution in that Member State. Justification See amendment 5. Amendment 7 Article 3 For the purposes of this Framework Decision, the following definitions shall apply: For the purposes of this Framework Decision, the following definitions shall apply: (a) “ racism and xenophobia ” shall mean the belief in race, colour, descent, religion or belief, national or ethnic origin as a factor determining aversion to individuals or groups; (a) “ racism and xenophobia ” shall mean the belief in race, colour, descent, religion or belief, national or ethnic origin as a factor determining aversion to individuals or groups; (b) “ racist or xenophobic group ” shall mean as a structured organisation established over a period of time, of more than two persons, acting in concert to commit offences referred to in Article 4, paragraphs (a) to (e). (b) “ racist or xenophobic group ” shall mean a structured organisation established over a period of time, of more than two persons, acting in concert to commit offences referred to in Article 4, paragraphs (a) to (e). (c) “legal person” shall mean any entity having such status under the applicable law, except for States or other public bodies in the exercise of State authority and for public international organisations. (c) “legal person” shall mean any entity having such status under the applicable law, except for States or other public bodies in the exercise of State authority and for organisations governed by public international law . Justification Clarification . Amendment 8 Article 4 Member States shall ensure that the following intentional conduct committed by any means is punishable as criminal offence: Member States shall ensure that the following intentional conduct committed by any means is punishable as criminal offence: (a) public incitement to violence or hatred for a racist or xenophobic purpose or to any