or corporate structure or any single type of product over another; 10. Considers that the architecture of financial services at EU level should be such as to guarantee the co-existence of different structures and sizes in order to provide for efficient and competitive players both at international level and within proximity networks; 11. Believes that the diversity of financial products must be ensured in order to meet the different and shifting needs of consumers; Barriers to cross-border consolidation 12. Notes that due to various obstacles, the level of cross-border consolidation in the financial sector, and in the banking sector in particular, is often less than the level of domestic consolidation in the EU; takes note of the barriers identified in the Commission's survey; 13. Points out that, within the internal market, economic synergies and cost efficiencies resulting from consolidation should be achievable and should not be hampered by unjustifiable obstacles, such as tax barriers and different supervisory regimes; supports the Commission's intention to tackle these obstacles; notes the difficulties faced by financial institutions willing to achieve cost efficiencies and economies of scale and scope by selling the same or identical products across countries and calls on the Commission to examine these difficulties further; 14. Points out that market participants should take into account their social responsibility during M&A and restructuring activity; also points out that within the process of globalisation, the only way to win the confidence of the citizens of the EU is to enhance a social market economy with more and better jobs; 15. Acknowledges the important role of national supervisors in conducting prudential supervision and safeguarding the soundness of national financial markets and institutions; 16. Points out that divergent national supervisory practices and standards may reduce market efficiency, increase the operating costs of those financial institutions operating across borders, and thus mitigate the beneficial effects of and ultimately fragmenting the single financial market; 17. Is concerned that financial institutions seeking to develop their strategies at EU level are frequently confronted with costly and time-consuming regulatory and supervisory practices and differing reporting requirements; 18. Believes that further convergence of supervisory practices and standards could diminish some of the negative effects of diverging supervisory practices and improve market efficiency; welcomes the progress achieved by the Committee of European Banking Supervisors and encourages its further work; 19. Welcomes the progress attained by Level 3 committees - the Committee of European