{ "context": [ [ "John R. Bolton", [ "John Robert Bolton (born November 20, 1948) is an American lawyer and diplomat who has served in several Republican administrations.", " Bolton served as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations from August 2005 until December 2006 as a recess appointee by President George W. Bush.", " He resigned in December 2006, when the recess appointment would have otherwise ended, because he was unlikely to win confirmation from the Senate in which a newly elected Democratic Party majority would be taking control in January 2007." ] ], [ "Park Soo-gil", [ "Park Soo-gil (, born October 18, 1933, North Gyeongsang Province) is a South Korean diplomat and the president of the World Federation of United Nations Associations, re-elected in November 2012 to a second three-year term in that office.", " WFUNA comprises over 100 national UN associations, which promote and support the work of the United Nations in their countries, including educational programs such as model United Nations.", " He is a former ambassador of the Republic of Korea to the United Nations, where he also served as president of the Security Council in May 1997.", " Prior to that, he served as deputy foreign minister and as the Korean ambassador to Morocco and Canada." ] ], [ "Douglas Kmiec", [ "Douglas W. Kmiec (pronounced kah-MECK; born September 24, 1951) is an American legal scholar, author, and former U.S. ambassador.", " He is the Caruso Family Chair and Professor of Constitutional Law at Pepperdine University School of Law.", " Kmiec came to prominence during the United States presidential election, 2008 when, although a Republican, he endorsed Democrat Barack Obama.", " In July 2009, he was nominated by President Obama to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Malta.", " He was confirmed by the Senate and served for close to two years as ambassador to Malta.", " He resigned his post effective May 31, 2011." ] ], [ "Groundswell group", [ "Groundswell is the name of an alleged \"secret organization\" of US conservative activists and journalists highlighted by the liberal publication Mother Jones in July 2013.", " According to \"Mother Jones\", the group started out meeting in the offices of the conservative legal group Judicial Watch in early 2013 and is led by Ginni Thomas (wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas) and John Bolton." ] ], [ "Eileen Donahoe", [ "Eileen Chamberlain Donahoe