interest. 2. The President shall, after consulting the committee responsible, either forward the request to the Agency or take any other appropriate course of action. The Member submitting the request shall be notified immediately. Any request sent by the President to an Agency shall include a time-limit for response. 3. If the Agency considers that it is unable to respond to the request as formulated, or seeks to have it modified, it shall forthwith inform the President, who shall take any appropriate action, after consulting the committee responsible as necessary. CHAPTER 6 INTERINSTITUTIONAL AGREEMENTS Rule 127 Interinstitutional agreements 1. Parliament may enter into agreements with other institutions in the context of the application of the Treaties or in order to improve or clarify procedures. Such agreements may take the form of joint declarations, exchanges of letters, codes of conduct or other appropriate instruments. They shall be signed by the President after examination by the committee responsible for constitutional affairs and after approval by Parliament. They may be annexed to the Rules of Procedure for information. 2. Where such agreements necessitate changes to existing procedural rights or obligations or establish new procedural rights or obligations for Members or bodies of Parliament, or otherwise necessitate amendment or interpretation of the Rules of Procedure, the matter shall be referred to the committee responsible for its consideration in accordance with Rule 211(2) to (6) before the agreement is signed. CHAPTER 7 REFERRALS TO THE COURT OF JUSTICE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION Rule 128 Proceedings before the Court of Justice of the European Union 1. Parliament shall, within the time limits specified by the Treaties and the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union for action by the institutions of the Union and by natural or legal persons, examine Union legislation and its implementing measures in order to ensure that the Treaties have been fully complied with, in particular where Parliament's rights are concerned. 2. The committee responsible shall report to Parliament, orally if necessary, if it suspects a breach of Union law. 3. The President shall bring an action on behalf of Parliament in accordance with the recommendation of the committee responsible. At the start of the following part-session, the President may ask the plenary to decide whether the action should be maintained. Should plenary rule against the action by a majority of the votes cast, he shall withdraw it. Should