new programmes and to some extent improved the situation. In addition, the Rural Development Programmes 2007‑13 also contribute to the mitigation and adaptation to climate change by enhancing the environment and encouraging aforestation and renewable energy sources such as biomass. It should be noted that the renewable energies and energy efficiency categories are not the only categories supporting mitigation of, or adaptation to, climate change, for instance planned investments in clean urban transport, railways, the reduction of industrial emissions, the promotion of clean technologies, risk prevention and the improvement of air quality play a significant role. Additionally, in a series of operational programmes there are commitments to make them carbon neutral as well as introducing environmental monitoring and evaluation with climate change focus. The growing impacts of climate change also require that investments in infrastructure are taken in a climate proof way and risks from impacts are minimised. As a result, it may not be straightforward to monitor the inclusion of support for adaptation by Member States as adaptation measures are indirectly also possible under non-climate change priorities. In combating climate change, cohesion policy should not be seen in isolation. Member States and regions themselves should use their resources to address the issue. In addition, following the Commission's proposals of January 2007, the European Council has taken clear and binding decisions on combating climate change to pave the way towards low carbon and competitive economies. For achieving these objectives a variety of instruments are available, such as tax and regulatory measures, grants, emission trading, but also research, new technologies and innovation. The European Council Action Plan on energy policy for Europe 2007‑09 assembles the whole spectrum of possible solutions. As a result of the above factors, the individual choice of Member States, in particular in relation to the use of Cohesion policy resources, may vary substantially. The Commission considers that these planned allocations must be followed up by the managing authorities with prompt implementation. The real challenge at this stage is to use the resources allocated effectively and efficiently, in order to deliver on the commitments made. Finally, once the implications of the EU climate change strategy become clear for individual Member States and regions then the programming process is sufficiently flexible to allow revisions to reflect any important changes in national strategies.