Graham WATSON (ELDR, South West) Report on the proposal for a Council decision on the signing of the Agreement between the European Community and the Government of the Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China on the readmission of persons residing without authorisation (SEC(2002) 412 – C5-0263/2002 – 2002/0092(CNS)) Doc.: A5-0381/2002 Procedure : Consultation procedure Debate : 18.12.2002 Hong Kong citizens are exempt from the requirement for a visa when entering the EU, for stays of no more than three months in all. In order to combat illegal immigration, and on a reciprocal basis, the readmission agreement sets out measures for the identification and return of those people who do not, or no longer, fulfil the conditions for entry into or presence in either Hong Kong SAR or the Member States of the EU. As part of a joint debate on agreements with non-member states on readmission Graham WATSON (ELDR, South West) will be recommending approval of the Commission proposal without amendment, in a non-binding draft resolution. However, the European Parliament was not formally consulted or kept informed during the negotiations and is in the position of having to deliver its opinion after the interested parties have already initialled the Agreement. The draft resolution deplores the fact that Parliament was not informed, all the more so because this is the first readmission agreement negotiated by the European Community as such. In the case of future agreements, the draft resolution calls for Parliament to be informed about the state of negotiations by the Commission and the Council. The Commission is set to begin talks with Russia and Morocco and has also been authorised to negotiate readmission agreements with Sri Lanka, Macao, Pakistan, and Ukraine. As to the contents of the agreement, the reporter considers that the human rights clause is too weak, as it does not refer explicitly to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights or the 1951 Geneva Convention. Repatriation and ‘Safe’ Countries Oral question to the Commission by Graham WATSON (ELDR, South West) on agreements with non-Member States on readmission Doc.: B5-0505/2002 Debate: 18.12.2002 Graham WATSON (ELDR, South West), on behalf of the Citizens’ Freedoms and Rights Committee, is also the author of an oral question on the EU’s principles with regard to agreements with non-member states on readmission. On 10 April 2002 the Commission adopted a Green Paper on an EU policy on illegal residents. The