Joint answer given by Mr Dalli on behalf of the Commission Written questions : E-001569/11 , P-001933/11 (30 March 2011) 1. The former Executive Director of the European Medicines Agency (EMA), Mr Lönngren, notified the chair of the Management Board of the EMA on 29 December 2010 that he intended to take up external activities after leaving the Agency (contract end date: 31.12.2010). This notification did not contain details about the future engagements and was not forwarded to the Management Board. After the matter was brought to the attention of the Commission members of the Board, these asked, on 2 February 2011, that further information be requested from Mr Lönngren and that the matter be taken to the Management Board for decision. 2, 3. The Management Board of the EMA is the Appointing Authority to grant the permission, in accordance with Article 16 of the Staff Regulations. At its meeting of 16 and 17 March 2011, the Board thoroughly assessed the case, focusing on two areas of potential conflict of interest: firstly, whether any activity risked the misuse of confidential or privileged information gained during his leadership of the Agency; and, secondly, whether any activity risked improper influence on decisions taken by the Agency. The Board concluded that none of the activities as communicated presented a conflict of interest and hence approved them while at the same time imposing a set of limitations on these and any future activities for a period of two years after leaving the Agency. These limitations include prohibitions on taking managerial and executive positions in the pharmaceutical industry, and on providing product-related advice with regard to activities falling within the remit of the Agency. The conditions set by the Board also require that Mr Lönngren should neither have contacts with Agency staff or committee members in the context of his professional activities, nor represent or accompany third parties at meetings with the Agency. The Board stressed the great importance it attaches to transparency and in the public interest requested the Acting Executive Director to publish its decision together with supporting documents on the EMA website.