Answer given by Mr McCreevy on behalf of the Commission (22 May 2007) 1. There is at present no specific legislation on public private partnerships (PPPs) at EC level. However, the Commission is currently evaluating how best to address the issue of selecting private partners for PPPs in compliance with EC rules on public procurement and concessions. In this context, the Commission is preparing an interpretative communication on institutionalised PPPs and — depending on the outcome of an impact assessment — a proposal for a directive on concessions. These initiatives would have positive impacts on PPPs, in particular as value for money in the context of PPPs can best be achieved if private partners are chosen on the basis of fair competition. The Commission considers it appropriate to encourage public-private forms of financing in delivering the trans-European networks (TENs) as well as to spread good practice among the Member States. It is reflected in the proposal for a regulation laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of TEN which foresees the support by means of legal guarantees compatible with competition law and the internal market. 2. The Commission has been in contact with the Hellenic authorities concerning national legislation for PPPs, i.e. Law No 3389/22.9.2005. 3. Greece already has a certain experience with big infrastructure concessions which were all co-financed by Community Funds. It is the responsibility of the Greek authorities to design and implement new projects which will be subject to collaboration between the public and private sectors in conformity with the applicable rules, inter alia , the EU procurement rules. The Commission will assess their compliance with the legal framework on a project-by-project basis whenever these projects are submitted for Community funding, and whenever an infringement against the EU procurement rules is being alleged. 4. Various factors, such as public budget constraints and the desire to benefit more in public life from the know-how and working methods of the private sector, explain the increased recourse to PPPs. However, the Commission always underlined that the recourse to PPPs cannot be presented as a miracle solution for a public sector facing budget constraints. Experience shows that, for each project, it is necessary to assess whether the partnership option offers real value added compared with other options.