P5_TA(2000)0032 Volunteer aid workers in Colombia B5-0026 and 0036/2000 European Parliament resolution on protection for volunteer and humanitarian workers The European Parliament, - having regard to its previous resolutions condemning the murders of volunteer and humanitarian workers, A. deeply disturbed at the increasingly frequent violent deaths of volunteer and humanitarian workers and human rights activists, B. having regard to the problem of shrinking security for volunteer and humanitarian workers, C. whereas it is necessary to comply with international humanitarian law as laid down in the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and their protocols of 1977, D. whereas the International Committee of the Red Cross has suspended all operations in Colombia after a mob of peasant refugees damaged the organisation's headquarters in Bogota and took 40 officials hostage, E. appalled at the recent murders of Iñigo Eguiluz, a Spanish volunteer worker, and Jorge Luis Mazo, a Colombian priest, committed in Colombia on 18 November 1999, and by the constant threats to which many of the volunteer workers in Colombia have been subject, 1. Calls on the Commission to take urgent action to improve security conditions for volunteer and humanitarian workers carrying out their activities in conflictive areas under actions receiving Commission funding; 2. Calls on the Council, and, in particular, its Secretary-General, within the framework of the CFSP, to encourage those countries which have still not done so to ratify or adhere to the instruments of international humanitarian law; 3. Calls on the Commission to draw up a communication on the security conditions for volunteer and humanitarian workers carrying out their activities in conflictive areas on behalf of NGOs and multilateral aid organisations; 4. Calls on governments on whose territory attacks on, or violations of, the integrity of the person of volunteer and humanitarian workers occur to carry out the necessary investigations to ensure that such attacks do not go unpunished; 5. Urges the Colombian authorities to step up measures to safeguard the activities of volunteer and humanitarian workers and to ensure that the persons guilty of committing the violations are brought to justice; 6. Expresses its solidarity with the International Committee of the Red Cross and believes that its humanitarian operations should be fully resumed as soon as possible; 7. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Commission, the Council, the government of Colombia and the President of the International Red Cross Committee.