ensure a rapid delivery of the Programme. (Amendment 32) Article 6(2a) (new) 2a. In evaluating the achievement of the objective of stimulating and exploiting public sector information, the Commission shall be assisted by a High-level group on public sector information, which shall include representatives of the European Parliament. (Amendment 33) Article 6(2b) (new) 2b. Following the mid-term evaluation of INFO2000 and MLIS, the recommendations and conclusions of this evaluation shall be implemented in the proposed new programme . Particular attention shall be paid to improving the payments procedures. (Amendment 34) Article 6(4) 4. After three years and at the end of the programme, the Commission shall submit to the European Parliament, the Council, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions an evaluation report on the results obtained in implementing the action lines referred to in Article 2. The Commission may present, on the basis of those results, proposals for adjusting the orientation of the programme. 4. After two years and at the end of the programme, the Commission shall submit to the European Parliament, the Council, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions an evaluation report on the results obtained in implementing the action lines referred to in Article 2. The Commission may present, on the basis of those results, proposals for adjusting the orientation of the programme. (Amendment 35) Article 7(3a) (new) 3a. The programme shall take account of the subsidiarity principle. Greater encouragement shall be given to Member States to instigate similar actions. (Amendment 36) Annex I, introduction, first indent - creating favourable conditions for the commercialisation, distribution and use of European digital content on the global networks, thus stimulating economic activity and enhancing employment prospects; - creating favourable conditions for the commercialisation, distribution and use of European digital content on the global networks, thus stimulating economic activity, enhancing employment prospects , safeguarding cultural diversity, optimising the European heritage and facilitating access to knowledge ; (Amendment 37) Annex I, introduction, second indent - stimulating the use of Europe's content potential, and in particular public sector information; - stimulating the use of Europe's content potential, and in particular public sector information , to produce content with a high added value in educational, cultural, social and professional terms ; (Amendment 38) Annex I, introduction, second indent a (new) - fostering the use of new technologies in the creation of new multimedia goods