in Article 34(2) of the EU Treaty; (c) directives other than those referred to in Article 254(1) and (2) of the EC Treaty, decisions other than those referred to in Article 254(1) of the EC Treaty, recommendations and opinions. 3. Each institution may in its rules of procedure establish which further documents shall be published in the Official Journal. Article 14 Information 1. Each institution shall take the requisite measures to inform the public of the rights they enjoy under this Regulation. 2. The Member States shall cooperate with the institutions in providing information to the citizens. Article 15 Administrative practice in the institutions 1. The institutions shall develop good administrative practices in order to facilitate the exercise of the right of access guaranteed by this Regulation. 2. The institutions shall establish an interinstitutional committee to examine best practice, address possible conflicts and discuss future developments on public access to documents. Article 16 Reproduction of documents This Regulation shall be without prejudice to any existing rules on copyright which may limit a third party's right to reproduce or exploit released documents. Article 17 Reports 1. Each institution shall publish annually a report for the preceding year including the number of cases in which the institution refused to grant access to documents, the reasons for such refusals and the number of sensitive documents not recorded in the register. 2. At the latest by 31 January 2004, the Commission shall publish a report on the implementation of the principles of this Regulation and shall make recommendations, including, if appropriate, proposals for the revision of this Regulation and an action programme of measures to be taken by the institutions. Article 18 Application measures 1. Each institution shall adapt its rules of procedure to the provisions of this Regulation. The adaptations shall take effect from 3 December 2001. 2. Within six months of the entry into force of this Regulation, the Commission shall examine the conformity of Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 354/83 of 1 February 1983 concerning the opening to the public of the historical archives of the European Economic Community and the European Atomic Energy Community OJ L 43, 15.2.1983, p. 1. with this Regulation in order to ensure the preservation and archiving of documents to the fullest extent possible. 3. Within six months of the entry into force of this Regulation, the Commission shall examine the conformity of the existing rules