landing places and ports where the vessels in question are registered. 4. The Council, on a proposal from the Commission , may set, for certain categories of fishing vessels , another notification period for the obligation laid down in paragraph 1 taking into account, inter alia, the type of fishery products, the distance between the fishing grounds, landing places and ports where the vessels in question are registered. Justification The conditions governing notification could be made more flexible for certain categories of fishing vessels and taking into account distances from the fishing grounds and the landing place, but no vessel should be exempt from these obligations. The risk posed by exceptions, particularly where the exact criteria justifying them are not known in advance, is that they could hollow out the rules, complicate the work of control authorities and create distrust among operators, all the more so if the Commission itself were to decide which vessels would be exempt without any pre-established criteria for such exceptions. Amendment 30 Proposal for a regulation Article 17 – paragraph 4 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4a. The competent authorities of the Member State whose port or landing facilities the master of a fishing vessel wishes to use, having made a request to do so at least four hours prior to the estimated time of arrival at the port shall, within two hours of receiving this request, give permission accordingly. Justification It is only reasonable for the master of a fishing vessel to receive from the authorities within a reasonable time permission to use landing facilities. Amendment 31 Proposal for a regulation Article 19 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. The transhipment declaration shall indicate the quantity of fishery products by species that has been transhipped, the date and place of each catch, the names of the vessels involved and the ports of transhipment and destination. Masters of both the vessels involved shall be held responsible for the accuracy of such declarations. 3. The transhipment declaration shall indicate the quantity of fishery products by species that has been transhipped, the date and place of each catch, the names of the vessels involved and the ports of transhipment and destination. Masters of both the vessels involved shall be held responsible for the accuracy of such declarations. The area shall be to the same level of detail as under Article