life and the media; calls on the Commission to submit a proposal for a specific action programme with effect from the 2005 budget; 20. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Commission, the Council and the governments of the Member States. 26 January 2004 MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION B5-0061/2004 pursuant to Rule 48 of the Rules of Procedure by Cristiana Muscardini on travel concessions for disabled people in Europe The European Parliament , – having regard to Rule 48 of its Rules of Procedure, A. having regard to the excellent initiative devised by TRENITALIA, whereby people with serious disabilities, entitled to an attendance allowance, may apply for a 'blue pass' (costing € 5.00 and valid for five years) enabling them to buy two tickets for the price of one, for themselves and a companion, to travel on all trains and ferries operated by Italian State Railways, B. having regard to the initiatives undertaken at Community level during European Year of People with Disabilities to help disabled people feel more involved in civil society, C. having regard to the positive impact a European initiative of this kind may have on the influx of tourists to Europe, 1. Calls on the Commission and the Council to conclude, following the example of the 'blue pass', an agreement with rail and sea transport companies in the Member States to encourage seriously disabled people to travel with a companion not only in their own countries but all over Europe. 31 March 2004 31 March 2004 OPINION OF THE COMMITTEE ON WOMEN'S RIGHTS AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES for the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs on Communication from the Commission to the Council, the European Parliament, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the regions - Equal opportunities for people with disabilities: A European Action Plan ( COM(2003) 650 – C5-0039/2004 – 2004/2004(INI)) Draftsperson: Uma Aaltonen PROCEDURE The Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities appointed Uma Aaltonen draftsperson at its meeting of 18 February 2004. It considered the draft opinion at its meetings of 16 March and 30 March 2004. At the last meeting it adopted the following suggestions unanimously. The following were present for the vote:Anna Karamanou (chairperson), Marianne Eriksson (vice-chairperson), Uma Aaltonen (draftsperson), María Antonia Avilés Perea, Fiorella Ghilardotti, Christa Prets, Joke Swiebel, Helena Torres Marques, Elena Valenciano Martínez-Orozco, Marie-Hélène Gillig (for Lissy Gröner), Anne E.M. Van Lancker (for