action, which had taken place before in some many occasions, was said to highlight the irrational nature of the punitive prohibitionist laws in force in Italy. 2. As a consequence of the above-mention action, Mr Dupuis and twenty more radical militants and leaders were arraigned by the Italian judicial authorities and charged with offences under Article 110 of the Criminal Code and Article 73, paragraphs 4 and 6, of Presidential Decree 309/90, as stated in the order to proceed issued by the judge in charge of preliminary investigations at the Tribunal di Roma. The trial proceedings culminated in some of the many accused being acquitted and others convicted, while in the case of Mr Dupuis the court issued an order instituting separate proceedings pending clarification of the question of his parliamentary immunity, At present, the trial is still pending before the Criminal Court in Rome, Section 10, in connection with legal proceedings number RG 14985/97. II. Procedure 1. The relevant provisions of the Rules of Procedure are Rules 6 and 6a, in particular Rule 6(1) and (3): '1. In the exercise of its powers in respect of privileges and immunities, Parliament shall seek primarily to uphold its integrity as a democratic legislative assembly and to secure the independence of its Members in the performance of their duties. 3. Any request addressed to the President by a Member or a former Member to defend privileges and immunities shall be announced in Parliament and referred to the committee responsible.' 2. As the President of Parliament considered that Mr Dupuis had opened the procedure for defending his immunity, as laid down in the above-mentioned Rules, the request was announced in Parliament. 3. The formal requirements have therefore been met for the matter to be referred to the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market. III. Applicable provisions 1. Article 10 of the Protocol on the privileges and immunities of the European Communities (PPI) The protocols annexed to the original Treaties form part of primary Community law and have the same legal status as the Treaties themselves. The judgment in a case concerning the liability of Community officials for property tax made clear that a breach of the provisions of the PPI represented a breach of the obligations arising out of the Treaties (judgment of 24 February 1988, Commission v Belgium, Case 260/86, ECR. 966). That article reads as follows: ‘During the sessions