WRITTEN QUESTION P-0578/08 by Corien Wortmann-Kool (PPE‑DE) to the Commission (6 February 2008) Subject: Reciprocity in the direct award of public transport contracts RET is the independent public transport operator for the local authority of Rotterdam. However, the independent RET operates not only within the local authority area of Rotterdam but also in the surrounding urban region, consisting of a large number of local authorities. While the Rotterdam local authority owns 100 % of the independent RET, it is the urban region which awards the concession to RET. On 17 October 2007, the urban region decided in future to take advantage of the exemption offered by Regulation (EC) No 1370/2007 OJ L 315, 3.12.2007, p. 1. on public passenger transport services by rail and by road, and permitted by the Netherlands government, concerning the direct award of contracts. Should this ultimately be possible, it will avoid the need for competitive tendering in the Rotterdam urban region. At the same time, RET is continuing to participate in competitive tendering procedures unconnected to the direct award procedure in the urban region. For example, on 24 October 2007 RET obtained, in a competitive tendering procedure, the contract for a public transport link between the Hook of Holland and Maasvlakte, which was coincidentally also put out to tender by the Rotterdam urban region. 1. Is the Commission aware of the decision by the Netherlands government, on the basis of the new EU regulation, to exempt three major cities from the obligation to put public transport contracts out to competitive tender? Does the Commission propose to investigate whether this is permissible under the new regulation? 2. Can the Commission confirm that, under the terms of the new regulation, the direct award of public transport contracts means that the transport operator (internal operator) may not immediately thereafter participate in competitive tendering procedures? 3. Does a local authority transport operator which (a) is fully independent of the local authority owning it, and (b) is directly awarded the public transport contract by an authority comprising a larger area than that of the local authority itself, even meet the strict definition of an internal operator under the forthcoming rules of the EU regulation?