data base that the Agency is currently instigating (see Article 17 and Annex II of Directive 2009/18 the fundamental principles governing the investigation of accidents in the maritime transport sector). It will provide an appropriate overview at EU level and provide valuable input for further EU actions. Amendment 53 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 2 – paragraph 5 – subparagraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment The Agency shall at the request of the Commission provide technical assistance as regards the implementation of relevant EU legislation to States applying for accession to the Union, to all European Neighbourhood partner countries and to countries taking part in the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control. The Agency shall at the request of the Commission provide technical assistance as regards the implementation of relevant EU legislation to States applying for accession to the Union, to all European Neighbourhood partner countries , as and when applicable, and to countries taking part in the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control. Amendment 54 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 3 – paragraph 1 – subparagraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. In order to perform the tasks entrusted to it and to assist the Commission in fulfilling its duties under the Treaty in particular the assessment of the effective implementation of Union law, the Agency shall carry out inspections in the Member States. 1. In order to perform the tasks entrusted to it and to assist the Commission in fulfilling its duties under the Treaty in particular the assessment of the effective implementation of Union law, the Agency shall assist the Commission in reviewing environmental impact assessments and carry out inspections in the Member States , at the request of the Commission . Justification The Agency could also play a role in the scrutiny of Environmental Impact Assessments (EIA) for offshore activities to avoid detrimental environmental impacts on highly sensitive marine ecosystems. Amendment 55 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 3 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. The operational working methods of the Agency for conducting the inspections referred to in paragraph 1 shall be subject to requirements to be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article