privilege. Without prejudice to Rule 151, the Member whose privileges or immunities are under consideration shall not speak in the debate. The proposal(s) for a decision contained in the report shall be put to the vote at the first voting time following the debate. After Parliament has considered the matter, a separate vote shall be taken on each of the proposals contained in the report. If a proposal is rejected, the contrary decision shall be deemed adopted. 9. The President shall immediately communicate Parliament's decision to the Member concerned and to the competent authority of the Member State concerned, with a request that the President be informed of any developments in the relevant proceedings and of any judicial rulings made as a consequence. When the President receives this information, he shall transmit it to Parliament in the way he considers most appropriate, if necessary after consulting the committee responsible. 10. When the President makes use of the powers conferred on him by Rule 6(4), the committee responsible shall take cognisance of the President's initiative at its next meeting. Where the committee deems it necessary it may prepare a report for submission to Parliament. 11. The committee shall treat these matters and handle any documents received with the utmost confidentiality. 12. The committee, after consulting the Member States, may draw up an indicative list of the authorities of the Member States which are competent to present a request for the waiver of a Member's immunity. 13. Any inquiry as to the scope of Members' privileges or immunities made by a competent authority shall be dealt with in accordance with the above rules. Rule 8 Implementation of the Statute for Members Parliament shall adopt the Statute for Members of the European Parliament and any modification thereof on the basis of a proposal by the committee responsible. Rule 138(1) shall apply mutatis mutandis . The Bureau shall be responsible for the application of these rules and shall decide on the financial envelopes on the basis of the annual budget. Rule 9 Members' financial interests, standards of conduct and access to Parliament 1. Parliament shall lay down rules governing the transparency of its Members' financial interests, which shall be attached to these Rules of Procedure as an annex See Annex I. . Those rules shall not in any way prejudice or restrict Members in the exercise of their office or of any related political