Answer given by Mr Rehn on behalf of the Commission (9 January 2006) In its 2005 Progress Report on Turkey, the Commission noted its concerns related to freedom of religion in Turkey. The Commission has on a number of occasions highlighted the urgent need to adopt further reforms in this area. In monitoring the situation pertaining to freedom of religion in Turkey, the Commission holds regular contacts with representatives from the religious communities which continue to face problems and with experts in this area, including Mr Oehring. The Commission has heard claims from some of these communities that they have been subject to surveillance from the Turkish authorities of the sort described. However, it should be noted that a number of the state organs that were responsible for relations with non‑Muslim religious minorities, including their surveillance, have been either abolished or had their duties reattributed to civilian authorities. On this specific point, the Regular Report 2004 noted that, ‘In January 2004 the government abolished the “Secondary Committee for Minorities” established with a secret decree in 1962 in order to carry out security surveillance on minorities. A new institutional body, the “Minority Issues Assessment Board” was set up in order to address the problems of non-Muslim minorities. The Board is composed of representatives of the Ministries of Interior, Education, Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of State responsible for the Directorate General of Foundations.’ The Progress Report 2005 notes that, ‘In January 2005, Governors’ Offices under the Ministry of Interior assumed responsibility for a number of issues related to non‑Muslim minorities — including their health, social, cultural and educational institutions — which had previously fallen under the responsibility of the Provincial Security Directorates. The transfer of relevant documents to the Governors’ offices is reportedly ongoing.’ Notwithstanding these institutional changes, the Commission will continue to treat any allegations of interference in these communities’ privacy extremely seriously and, where appropriate, raise its concerns with the relevant Turkish authorities. More generally, the Commission will continue to monitor the situation pertaining to freedom of religion in Turkey and continue to encourage the Turkish authorities to take significant steps in this area in accordance with the priorities laid out in a revised Accession Partnership.