has not always been the case for other developed countries agricultural policy. The decoupling of support and a reduction of prices on the internal market and reform of the sugar sector in 2006 as well as up-coming reform of the fruit and vegetable and wine sectors are likely to reduce the need for export subsidies in the future. In fact EU export subsidies have already been dramatically reduced. The EU's net export position has declined in every single sector subject to CAP since 1990: cereals, in particular for wheat, dairy products, beef and poultry. The EU has become a net importer of beef since 2003. The EU is the most open market in the world for agricultural exports from the developing countries. Thanks to its preferential access schemes, the EU takes 85 % of the agricultural exports of Africa and 45 % from Latin America. Under these schemes, almost all developing countries pay heavily reduced tariff rates on agricultural exports and the 50 poorest countries in the world — the least developed countries — pay no tariffs at all and are not subject to any quotas. Among others, the EU is the largest importer of cotton in the world, and a large share of those imports comes from west and central African countries and pays zero import duty. The EU has proposed in the WTO negotiations to cut trade distorting agricultural support. It has also offered to eliminate all export subsidies assuming others do the same with all forms of export support with equivalent effect, including the activities of state-trading enterprises, preferential financing mechanisms and abuse of food aid used as a surplus disposal mechanism. Besides, the vast majority of EU farm spending has been decoupled from production with the 2003 CAP reform which means cutting the link between production and subsidies. The move to the single payments scheme means that direct payments will no longer be classified as blue box, but as green box which includes forms of domestic support which are not trade-distorting. The claims made in the film and the book are based on a picture of the EU's subsidies landscape that is out of date and has been overtaken by the continuous wave of internal reforms of the EU CAP policy. The EU has moved towards a more sustainable agricultural production which reflects the concerns of consumers, particularly as regards quality, safety and traditional and organic