Answer given by Mr Dimas on behalf of the Commission (10 March 2009) So far the Commission has not made an evaluation of the implementation of Directive 2006/21/EC OJ L 102, 11.4.2006. on the management of waste from the extractive industries. A first report of the Member States on the implementation of this directive is foreseen three years after its entry in force and will have to be transmitted no later then end February 2012 to the Commission. It seems that Greece has not yet taken the necessary measures to transpose the directive. The transposition of the directive in Bulgaria is also not yet fully achieved. A law amending the law on mineral resources has been adopted in July 2008 by the Bulgarian Parliament and notified to the Commission. However, it only partially transposes the directive as a specific regulation still need to be adopted in order to fully transpose the directive. The Commission is following this situation with attention and two reasoned opinions have already been issued in order to ensure an appropriate transposition in Greece and Bulgaria. The Commission is not aware of the plan to establish a mine in the region of Perama. In any case, if this project is considered to be a new project, it should meet the requirements of Directive 2006/21/EC, notably for what concerns public participation, the use of the best available techniques, specific precautions to protect the environment and public health, the establishment of a financial guarantee, measures to limit and manage waste and if required, major accident prevention measures. In the case of Chelopech, it seems that the extension of the Mine has been initiated before the accession of Bulgaria to the European Union. Therefore the cross-border consultations requirements of the European Directives (notably Article 7 of the Environmental Impact Assessment Directive Directive 2003/35/EC of the Parliament and the Council of 26 May 2003 providing for public participation in respect of drawing up certain plans and programmes relating to the environment and amending with regard to public participation and access to justice Council Directive 85/337/EC and 96/61/EC, OJ L 156, 25.6.2003. ) were not formally applicable in this case. Nevertheless, according to Article 24(1) of Directive 2006/21/EC, the permit of this installation will have to be reviewed by the competent authorities by 1 May 2012 at the latest in order to include in the permit all requirements of the directive. In