Answer given by Ms Vassiliou on behalf of the Commission (6 November 2008) General provisions on the labelling of all foodstuffs, including meat products, are laid down in Directive 2000/13/EC of Parliament and of the Council of 20 March 2000 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the labelling, presentation and advertising of foodstuffs OJ L 109, 6.5.2000. . The purpose of Directive 2000/13/EC is, amongst others, to enable consumers to make informed choices in relation to food they consume, and preventing any practice that may mislead the consumer. In this context, the origin or provenance of foodstuffs does not constitute mandatory information unless its omission could mislead the purchaser (Article 3(8)). This rule is based on the fact that for most foodstuffs there is no relation between their origin or provenance and their characteristics or quality. Additional information, including on origin or provenance, can be provided on a voluntary basis. This policy line is kept in the new proposal for a regulation of Parliament and of the Council on the provision of food information to consumers, adopted by the Commission in January 2008 COM(2008)40 final. ; the basic requirement remains the same. Therefore, origin labelling remains voluntary unless the failure to give this information might mislead the consumer. However, certain criteria are laid down for producers who wish to indicate the country of origin or place of provenance in order to ensure that when information on origin is provided the origin is defined on the basis of harmonised criteria. Such criteria would equally apply when the label indicates that a food originates or comes from the European Union. In particular, for meat other than poultry, beef and veal, for which specific legislation already exists, where origin information is provided, the place of birth, rearing and slaughter must be given. If all three occurred in the same country, then a single origin declaration will be sufficient. In addition to those horizontal rules, vertical legislation applicable to certain products contains specific labelling provisions and, in certain cases, mandatory indication of the origin or provenance. In particular, for bovine meat, Regulation (EC) No 1760/2000 of Parliament and of the Council of 17 July 2000 establishing a system for the identification and registration of bovine animals and regarding the labelling of beef and beef products and repealing Council Regulation (EC) No 820/97 OJ L 204, 11.8.2000. requests that