paragraph 160 of the Durban plan of action. Amendment 17 Article 12, paragraph 1 1. Each Member State shall establish its jurisdiction with regard to the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 where the offence has been committed: (a) in whole or in part within its territory; or (b) by one of its nationals and the act affects individuals or groups of that State; or (c) for the benefit of a legal person that has its head office in the territory of that Member State. 1. Each Member State shall establish its jurisdiction for the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 . Justification The territorial and material scope of the act is established in Articles 2 and 2a and Articles 4 and 5, and does not need to be reiterated. In other respects, the amendments follow from amendments 9 and 10 or provide clarification. Amendment 18 Article 12, paragraph 2 2. When establishing jurisdiction in accordance with paragraph 1(a) , each Member State shall ensure that its jurisdiction extends to cases where the offence is committed through an information system and: a) the offender commits the offence when physically present in its territory, whether or not the offence involves racist material hosted on an information system in its territory; b) the offence involves racist material hosted on an information system in its territory , whether or not the offender commits the offence when physically present in its territory . 2. When establishing jurisdiction in accordance with Article 2 , each Member State shall ensure that its jurisdiction extends to cases where the offence is committed through an information system and either : a) the offender commits the offence when on its territory, or b) the offence involves racist material hosted on an information system in its territory. Justification See amendment 17. Amendment 19 Article 12, paragraph 3 3. A Member State may decide not to apply, or to apply only in specific cases or circumstances, the jurisdiction rule set out in paragraphs 1 (b) and (c) . 3. A Member State may decide not to apply, or to apply only in specific cases or circumstances, the jurisdiction rule set out in Article 2a . It shall inform the General Secretariat of the Council and the Commission accordingly. Justification See amendment 17. Amendment 20 Article 12, paragraph 4 4. Member States shall inform the General Secretariat of