the control regulation and related instruments are insufficient, and do not provide the proper legal authority for inspectors to do their jobs. Another is political - do the Member States fulfil their legal obligations to fully implement the rules they have agreed to at Council and allocate sufficient resources to do so? Does the Commission properly verify what the Member States do? It should also be noted that the Commission has failed in its responsibilities as well, for the current regulation called for over 20 implementing regulations, of which the Commission has proposed only a very few since 1993. The 2007 Special Report of the Court of Auditors Special Report 7/2007 on the control, inspection and sanction systems relating to the rules on conservation of Community fisheries resources. examined the question of implementation of one aspect of the CFP (the rules on conservation of resources) and concluded that serious problems existed: 125. In all, the Court's work has shown that, despite recent improvements, the control, inspection and sanction mechanisms in place are not capable of ensuring that the rules on managing the fisheries resources, and the TAC and quota system in particular, are effectively applied. The Court made a great many recommendations to improve the situation and the Commission made an equal number of promises to deal with the problem in the recast of the control regulation. The proposal for such a regulation is the subject of the present report. The new regulation is to be the final of three regulations that will constitute the control system, after the adoption of the IUU regulation Council Regulation (EC) No 1005/2008 of 29 September 2008 establishing a Community system to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing. and the regulation on fishing authorisations Council Regulation (EC) No 1006/2008 of 29 September 2008 concerning authorisations for fishing activities of Community fishing vessels outside Community waters and the access of third country vessels to Community waters. . It is essential that the measures included in the proposal not only incorporate all the necessary aspects of the existing control regulation and the recommendations of the Court of Auditors, but also that they are coherent with the provisions of these two other regulations. Probably the most important quality of a control system that applies to 27 Member States is that everybody be treated equally, that all those involved in the chain of production -