Answer given by Ms Hübner on behalf of the Commission (10 October 2007) The Commission is aware of and has studied the report cited by the Honourable Member. The Commission has welcomed the report and has sought further discussions with its authors to better understand some of the methodological assumptions underlying the report, in particular in order to verify the estimated effects of cohesion policy in some new Member States. In the answer to previous Written Question E‑2566/07 by Mr Jørgensen, the Commission has already stated that it agrees that in general the way resources are planned to be spent shows, while respecting the strategic guidelines for cohesion, that the current and future climate change are only partially addressed by the Member States in their operational programmes. The Commission underlined, well in advance of the Spring Summit, the priority it attached to reducing climate change in the Community Strategic Guidelines for cohesion policy 2007‑13. Those guidelines prioritise investment in energy efficiency and renewable energy sources, and the development of environmentally friendly transport networks, particularly in urban areas, through the promotion of transport modes that cause less damage to the environment, namely rail and clean urban transport. Those guidelines, in their draft form, were the starting point for the negotiations with the national and regional authorities for the new generation of programmes. In discussions with the Member States on the National Strategic Reference Frameworks and on the Operational Programmes proposed for the period 2007‑2013, the Commission is strongly encouraging the authorities in the Member States, who are in charge of programming, to draft and implement the operational programmes according to these policy priorities for addressing climate change, in both key areas: reducing emissions, fostering energy efficiency and renewable energy and enhancing the resilience of the economic sector with climate adaptation measures. The funds allocated to energy efficiency and renewable energies represent EUR 7.5 billion or about 2.2 % of the total allocation plans for 2007‑13. The comparable relative share in 2000‑06 was 0.42 %, hence the discussions between the Commission and Member States have reinforced the sustainable energy content of the new programmes and to some extent improved the situation. In addition, the Rural Development Programmes 2007‑13 also contribute to the mitigation and adaptation to climate change by enhancing the environment and encouraging aforestation and renewable energy sources such as biomass. It should be noted that the renewable energies and energy