Such proposed amendments shall be translated, printed, distributed and referred to the committee responsible, which shall examine them and decide whether to submit them to Parliament. For the purpose of applying Rules 156, 157 and 161 to consideration of such proposed amendments in Parliament, references made in those Rules to the 'original text' or the proposal for a legislative act shall be considered as referring to the provision in force at the time. 2. Amendments to these Rules shall be adopted only if they secure the votes of a majority of the component Members of Parliament. 3. Unless otherwise specified when the vote is taken, amendments to these Rules and to their annexes shall enter into force on the first day of the part-session following their adoption. TITLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Rule 213 The symbols of the Union 1. Parliament shall recognise and espouse the following symbols of the Union: - the flag showing a circle of twelve golden stars on a blue background; - the anthem based on the "Ode to Joy" from the Ninth Symphony by Ludwig van Beethoven; - the motto "United in diversity". 2. Parliament shall celebrate Europe Day on 9 May. 3. The flag shall be flown at all Parliament premises and on the occasion of official events. The flag shall be used in each meeting room of the Parliament. 4. The anthem shall be performed at the opening of each constitutive sitting and at other solemn sittings, particularly to welcome heads of State or government or to greet new Members following enlargements. 5. The motto shall be reproduced on Parliament's official documents. 6. The Bureau shall examine further use of the symbols within the Parliament. The Bureau shall lay down detailed provisions for the implementation of this Rule. Rule 214 Unfinished business At the end of the last part-session before elections, all Parliament's unfinished business shall be deemed to have lapsed, subject to the provisions of the second paragraph. At the beginning of each parliamentary term, the Conference of Presidents shall take a decision on reasoned requests from parliamentary committees and other institutions to resume or continue the consideration of such matters. These provisions shall not apply to petitions and communications that do not require a decision. Rule 215 Arrangement of annexes The annexes to these Rules of Procedure shall be arranged under the following four headings: (a) implementing provisions for procedures under these