and communication COM(2002) 18 , 23 January 2002. . The proposal ( COM(2002) 25 ) underlying this report concerns the amendment of Council Directive 91/440/EEC on the development of the Community’s railways. The Commission proposal: summary and comments The new proposal to amend directive 91/440/EEC is intended to: ∙ accelerate the opening up of international rail freight services; ∙ open up national rail freight services; ∙ delete all references to the TERFN; ∙ delete the provisions relating to safety. The opening up of national rail freight services (i.e. including the cabotage option) is the logical next step towards the objective of uniformity with the first railway package. That step will complete the integration of the market in rail freight services. Bringing national freight transport within the scope of the directive will be achieved by an amendment to Article 10(2), which will then provide for access to all rail freight services and combined freight services. The acceleration of the progressive opening-up of rail freight transport initiated by the first railways package is being achieved by a combination of deletions and implementation requirements: Directive 2001/12/EC is to be implemented by 15 March 2003, and provides for the opening up of international rail freight services on the TERFN between 15 March 2003 and 15 March 2008, by which time the networks will have been completely opened up to those services. Deleting the references to TERFN in accordance with Article 10a and Annex 1, together with paragraphs 3 and 8 of Article 10, will terminate that transitional solution completely. Adoption by way of the directive now under consideration and its implementation deadline would thus determine the time by which international and national rail freight transport will have been opened up the market. The expected course of the legislative procedure and the deadline fixed for entry into force should thus result in a complete opening up of all rail freight services in 2005 or 2006. That part of the Commission proposal corresponds in substance with the position taken by the European Parliament, which had already called, on the occasion of the first railway package, for the entire rail network to be opened up to national, as well as international, freight transport (see, for example, Amendment 15 to the European Parliament's legislative resolution of 5 July 2000). It should be pointed out, in relation to TERFN, which comprises all major international rail freight connections and some