Answer given by Mr Rehn on behalf of the Commission (15 November 2005) 1. The Commission is pleased to inform the Honourable Member that the Republika Srpska National Assembly, as well as the Federation and the State-level parliaments, has adopted the agreement on the police reform. The initiator of this agreement, which is in line with the Commission’s principles on the police reform, was the Republika Srpska President Dragan Cavic, and all the main political parties from the Republika Srpska voted in favour of it in the Republika Srpska National Assembly. When implemented, the police reform will ensure effective and efficient police forces throughout the country, which can operate on the whole territory without inter-Entity obstacles. 2. According to the Dayton Peace Agreement signed in 1995, the Entities are entitled to have special parallel relations with the neighbours of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Republika Srpska has signed such an agreement with Serbia and Montenegro; however, it has little institutional impact in the bilateral relations. However, close informal links between the Republika Srpska and Serbia and Montenegro continue to exist, but these do not hinder normal inter-state relations. The Commission also wants to point out that regional cooperation constitutes an essential element of the stabilisation and association process, and that this cooperation is recognised as a qualifying indicator of the Western Balkan countries’ readiness to integrate into the European Union. 3-5. The Commission has repeatedly made it clear that changes to the Constitution of Bosnia and Herzegovina and to the internal structures cannot be imposed. They have to be decided in the country and they should be decided in common agreement and trust amongst the different groups of population. However, it is clear that the current Constitution and administrative framework has its limitations. The authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina must make efforts to make reforms that would enhance the country’s ability to progress in the process of European integration. The Commission does not promote a single constitutional model for Bosnia and Herzegovina; however, the principles of functionality and affordability must not be neglected. The Commission also wants to point out that, following the decision of the Constitutional Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2000, the constituent peoples — Bosniac, Serb and Croat — have the same status and rights throughout the country.