cause, serious disturbance to Union markets, in particular to one or more of the outermost regions, or these markets' regulatory mechanisms, the Commission, on its own initiative or at the request of a Member State, may suspend the preferential arrangements in respect of the products concerned in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 27(6) after consulting the management committee for the relevant common market organisation . Where imports of products included in Annex I to the Treaty cause, or threaten to cause, serious disturbance to Union markets, in particular to one or more of the outermost regions, or these markets' regulatory mechanisms, the Commission, on its own initiative or at the request of a Member State, may suspend the preferential arrangements in respect of the products concerned in accordance with the advisory procedure referred to in Article 27(5). Amendment 244 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 18 – point 6 Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 22 – paragraph 2 6. Article 22(2) is deleted. 6. Article 22(2) is replaced by the following: ‘ 2. Prior surveillance measures shall be adopted by the Commission in accordance with the advisory procedure referred to in Article 27(5).’ Amendment 245 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 18 – point 6 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 22 a (new) 6a. The following article is inserted: 'Article 22a 1. Where the facts as finally established show that the conditions set out in Article 20 are not met, the Commission shall adopt a decision terminating the investigation and proceeding in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 27(6). 2. The Commission shall present, with due regard to the protection of confidential information within the meaning of Article 27c, a report setting forth its findings and reasoned conclusions reached on all pertinent issues of fact and law to the European Parliament. No later than six months after presenting the report to the European Parliament, the Commission shall make the report public.‘ Amendment 246 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 18 – point 6 b (new) Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 25 – introductory wording 6b. In Article 25, the introductory part is replaced by the following: ‘ The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 27a in order to adopt amendments to the Annexes made