the Galileo satellite-navigation system, organ donations, visa-free travel to the USA and the European Ombudsman. Radio BBC Radio 4's Crossing Continents programme was nominated for the radio prize. Its 'Pills for Profit' programme dealt with the parallel drugs trade in the EU - it was a co-production with the consumer programme 'You & Yours' and is presented by Melanie Abbott. Interviews with major drug companies, UK campaigners against parallel drug imports and with a parallel drug trader from Greece gave the listener various perspectives on the issue. A European Commission spokesperson gave the institutional angle on the problem. Overall, the programme was commended for its clarity and its lively presentation of an issue affecting people's lives on a daily basis. Internet The UK nomination for the internet section is an online news service for businesses focusing specifically on the REACH chemicals safety legislation. REACH was passed by the European Parliament in December 2006 and came into effect across the EU in June 2007. Chemical Watch has been set up as a micro-enterprise by two journalists whose aim is to publicise how cutting-edge companies are handling the REACH rules. A series of articles from December 2007 to April 2008 takes case studies of how individual companies are dealing with REACH in the UK and the Netherlands or how a whole sector in the USA (cosmetics industry) is reacting to the new legislation. Chemical Watch fills a practical need for large parts of industry trying to find the best ways of implementing complex legislation; it shows the global impact of the new regime as well as its impact on very specific companies. Written Aimee Turner of Flight International magazine won the UK nomination for the written press category, beating off entries from national, local and other specialist trade publications. Her series of articles looked in particular at the impact of the aviation industry on climate change and at how proposed new EU legislation would in turn impact on aviation. Flight International is a weekly magazine for the aviation sector. However, Aimee Turner's articles managed to combine authoritative, thorough information with a writing style which is accessible for non-aviation experts. European, international and industry acronyms are all clearly explained and very little knowledge is assume from the reader even though the magazine's main target audience will be experts in their field. Aimee Turner also manages to look at the global implications (International Civil