and coach transport when compared to other transport modes. The most important modifications introduced by Parliament relate to the following issues: - Scope : Parliament considered that Member States should not be able to exempt regional transport from the Regulation, since it accounts for a large portion of bus and coach operations. Furthermore, regional transport could cover significant distances, depending on the size of the respective region. Therefore, Member States should only be able to exempt urban and suburban services, on the condition that they are covered by public service contracts ensuring a comparable level of passenger rights. - Liability : Parliament adopted an amendment to bring the provisions on liability in the event of death and injury in line with the requirements of Directive 2005/14/EC relating to insurance against civil liability in respect of the use of motor vehicles, which limits strict liability per accident to EUR 5 million. The provisions on advance payments to be made by carriers in the event of death and personal injury to passengers were also modified. According to the EP's amendment, they would not have to make such payments immediately and automatically as foreseen in the Commission proposal but only if and once their responsibly for the accident has been established. Likewise, carriers should only be liable for lost and damaged luggage if they are responsible for the loss or damage. - Rights of disabled people and people with reduced mobility : Parliament deleted Article 11 paragraph 1 point (a) providing for the possibility of carriers to refuse reservations from disabled persons due to safety requirements. Other provisions in Article 11 were aligned with the wording of the proposal for passenger rights in maritime transport. Parliament also adopted amendments in view of the fact that the bus crew in most cases consists of one driver only, who may not always be in a position to provide assistance during the journey. Moreover, it was clarified that the rules concerning accessibility must be established in co-operation with representative organisations of disabled persons and PRM. Finally, a set of amendments would require carriers to provide information in accessible formats. - Reimbursement and compensation for delays and cancellations : Parliament reduced the amount of compensation due for cancellations and long delays (in case the undertaking fails to provide either alternative services or adequate information) from 100% to 50% of the ticket price, since it would be payable