Constitutional Affairs, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: A. noting the declaration of the European Council, according to which it will "make an overall assessment of the national debates and agree how to proceed" in the first half of 2006, B. whereas more than half of voters in the EU are women, although they participate little in political life, and whereas their votes can be decisive, C. whereas the Commission’s plan "D" , which stands for Dialogue, Debate and Democracy, is aimed at launching a new European debate involving not only European and national institutions but also civil society as a whole, of which women form a major part, D. whereas the ratification process and debates in the Member States have demonstrated that young people in particular appear more undecided about and negative towards the Constitutional Treaty, 1. Agrees with the rejection of the establishment of core groups of certain Member States, as a consequence of, or solution to, the constitutional crisis; 2. Commits itself, as the directly elected representative institution of the Union’s citizens, to bear great responsibility for the European dialogue - all the more so as the European Council has neglected to define either methods or goal; 3. Recommends involving national and regional parliaments and other national bodies, political parties, representatives of academic life and civil society, social partners and all citizens particularly women and young people, in the phase of reflection, and considers that there should be a focus on encouraging all to take part in the debate on the future of Europe; 4. Supports a more equal gender balance in institutional decision-making regarding the future of Europe and the Constitutional Treaty, not only for the promotion of gender equality, but also in the name of representative and participatory democracy; 5. Proposes that a series of conferences between European and national parliamentarians - entitled "Parliamentary Fora" - be organised in order to stimulate debate; points out that women should be equally represented in all such Parliamentary Fora; 6. Calls on Member States to take a decisive role in leading at national level a Europe-wide interactive, structured and coordinated debate on the future of Europe and the Constitutional Treaty, and encourage discussion at regional and local level as well; 7. Takes the view that the phase of reflection should be used, on the one hand, to ensure that