the provisions of the Treaties. Proposals for additional part-sessions in Brussels and any amendments thereto will require only a majority of the votes cast. 2. Any committee may decide to ask for one or more meetings to be held elsewhere. Its request supported by reasons, shall be made to the President, who shall place it before the Bureau. If the matter is urgent, the President may take the decision himself. Should the request be rejected by the Bureau or the President the reasons for the rejection shall be stated. Rule 136 Attendance of Members at sittings 1. An attendance register shall be open for signature by Members at each sitting. 2. The names of the Members present, as shown in the attendance register, shall be recorded in the minutes of each sitting. CHAPTER 2 ORDER OF BUSINESS OF PARLIAMENT Rule 137 Draft agenda 1. Before each part-session the draft agenda shall be drawn up by the Conference of Presidents on the basis of recommendations by the Conference of Committee Chairs taking into account the agreed Commission Work Programme referred to in Rule 35. The Commission and the Council may, at the invitation of the President attend the deliberations of the Conference of Presidents on the draft agenda. 2. The draft agenda may indicate voting times for certain items down for consideration. 3. One or two periods, together totalling a maximum of 60 minutes, may be set aside in the draft agenda for debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law pursuant to Rule 122. 4. The final draft agenda shall be distributed to Members at least three hours before the beginning of the part-session. Rule 138 Procedure in plenary without amendment and debate 1. Any proposal for a legislative act (first reading) and any non-legislative motion for a resolution adopted in committee with fewer than one tenth of the members of the committee voting against shall be placed on the draft agenda of Parliament for vote without amendment. The item shall then be subject to a single vote unless, before the drawing up of the final draft agenda, political groups or individual Members who together constitute one-tenth of the Members of Parliament have requested in writing that the item be open to amendment, in which case the President shall set a deadline for tabling amendments. 2. Items placed on the final draft agenda for