(1) The Council resolution of 8 July 1996 OJ C 224, 1.08.1996, p. 3. acknowledged that a continuing effort is required to improve cooperation between administrations and invited the Member States and the Commission to examine as a matter of priority the possibility of reinforcing administrative cooperation in the enforcement of legislation. (2) Existing national enforcement arrangements for the laws that protect consumers" interests are not adapted to the challenges of enforcement in the internal market and effective and efficient enforcement cooperation in these cases is not currently possible. These difficulties give rise to barriers to cooperation between public authorities to detect, investigate and bring about the cessation of infringements of the laws that protect consumers" interests in cross-border cases. The resulting lack of effective enforcement in cross-border cases enables sellers and suppliers to evade enforcement attempts by relocating within the Community. This gives rise to a distortion of competition for law-abiding sellers and suppliers operating either domestically or cross-border. The difficulties of enforcement in cross-border cases also undermines the confidence of consumers in taking up cross-border offers and hence their confidence in the internal market. (3) It is therefore appropriate to facilitate cooperation between public authorities responsible for enforcement of consumer protection in dealing with intra-Community infringements and contribute to improving the smooth functioning of the internal market, the quality and consistency of enforcement of consumer protection laws and the monitoring of the protection of consumers" economic interests. (4) Enforcement cooperation arrangements exist in Community legislation, to protect consumers above and beyond their economic interest (not least where health is concerned). Best practice should be exchanged between the networks established by this Regulation and these other networks. (5) Since the objectives of the proposed action cannot be sufficiently achieved by the Member States because they cannot ensure cooperation and co-ordination by acting alone and can therefore be better achieved at Community level, the Community may adopt measures, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty. In accordance with the principle of proportionality, as set out in that Article, this Regulation does not go beyond what is necessary in order to achieve those objectives. (6) The scope of the provisions on mutual assistance in this Regulation should be limited to intra-Community infringements of Community legislation on consumer protection. The effectiveness with which infringements at national level are pursued should ensure that there