DRC and Rwanda; calls on the DRC and Rwanda to fully implement the Nairobi and Goma peace agreements, as well as the Ihusi agreement of 23 March 2009; 5. Stresses that the closer cooperation between the DRC and Rwanda is opening up new perspectives for a concerted and lasting settlement to the crisis in eastern DRC; 6. Draws attention to the commitments made by the DRC and countries in the Great Lakes region jointly to promote peace and stability in the region; 7. Draws attention to MONUC's vital role and to the fact that its mandate must be carried out with determination in order to guarantee the population's security more effectively; 8. Welcomes the Security Council's decision to renew the embargo on the supply of arms within and to the DRC, and urges that effective measures be taken to ensure that armed groups in the east of the country receive no support; 9. Draws attention to the fact that, in the Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC), systematic rape is defined as a crime against humanity, and calls for the cases of mass rape in eastern DRC to be referred to the ICC; 10. Calls on the Government and Parliament of the DRC to take swift action to incorporate the provisions of the Rome Statute into national law; 11. Welcomes the zero tolerance policy promoted by President Kabila against sexual violence and misconduct in the armed forces and encourages the Government of the DRC to implement without delay and with the assistance of MONUC its new strategy against gender-based violence; 12. Stresses that the rehabilitation and reform of the judicial system (incorporating a prevention and protection dimension and combating impunity with regard to sexual violence) and assistance for and reintegration of victims should be central to the aid programmes to be funded; 13. Deplores the increasing acts of violence against aid workers, which are having grave repercussions for the humanitarian situation on the ground; urges the authorities of North Kivu to launch thorough investigations into each and every incident and calls for protection to be immediately stepped up; 14. Stresses the need for continued and increased funding in humanitarian aid to the eastern DRC, given the increasing number of internally displaced persons and deteriorating conditions; to this end, supports the appeal launched on 30 November 2009 by the UN, alongside 380 aid organisations and non-governmental organisations (NGOs), to raise