Answer given by Mr Barrot on behalf of the Commission (15 December 2008) Romania and Bulgaria have set their target date for the lifting of internal border controls for March 2011 and declared beginning of 2008 their readiness for such an evaluation to that end. The scope of the evaluation to be carried out in these two countries will cover all areas of the Schengen cooperation, i.e.: borders, visas, Schengen Information System (SIS), police cooperation and data protection. The program for the evaluation missions envisages that inspections will take place in 2009 and 2010. Only after the completion of the evaluation process it will be possible to determine the actual level of preparedness of Romania and Bulgaria for the lifting of border controls. For the period 2007-09 Romania will receive: EUR 297.2 (2007), EUR 131.8 (2008) and EUR 130.8 (2009) million in the form of lump-sum payments under the temporary Cash-flow and Schengen Facility. At least 50 % of its allocation under the temporary Cash-flow and Schengen Facility shall be used to support Romania in its obligation to finance actions at the new external borders of the Union for the implementation of the Schengen acquis and external border control. The lump-sum payments must be used within three years from the first payment. Romania will need to submit, no later than six months after expiry of this three-year period, a comprehensive report on the final execution of the lump-sum payments under the Schengen part of the temporary Cash-flow and Schengen Facility with a statement justifying the expenditure. Any unused or unjustifiably spent funds will be recovered. The Romanian preparation for SIS is a broad and complex project, which entails several components and sub-projects. Some of these components will be funded through national budgetary allocations but there is also a significant part that will be supported by the Community instrument mentioned above, the Schengen part of the Cash Flow and Schengen Facility. The projects financed by the Facility are mainly related to the extension of the communication infrastructure required to sustain the functioning of the SIS at national level, as well as to the endowment of relevant law enforcement structures with the IT equipment necessary for the operation of SIS. Additionally, the Commission is available both in formal meetings but also on a daily basis to Member States. This covers technical, network and legal issues. In preparation of the implementation of SIS,