new agencies under strict conditions of political and budgetary control, according to the provisions of the Financial Regulation and through the code of conduct for the creation of executive agencies (Amending Budget N°6/2004). But it has increasingly been concerned by the constant growth of agencies over the last budgetary procedures. The decision by the Budgetary Authority to allocate an amount of EUR 40 million from the flexibility instrument to Heading 3 in the Budget 2005, underlines the problem. 21. EP's efforts to ensure political and budgetary control over the decentralised agencies continued and will continue over the next procedures (see paragraphs 7, 8, 9, 10 of the second reading resolution 2005 P6_TA(2004)0103 , 16 December 2004 ): - Council was called upon to recognise fully the consequences of the ever greater share of heading 3 taken up by the decentralised agencies - EP called on its Committee on Budgets to maintain its vigilance with respect to other political priorities for the coming years 22. Concerning information aspects of the Financial Regulation, the rapporteurs repeat that not all the agencies or the Commission inform the European Parliament sufficiently, neither about the adoption of their final budget due to take place after the adoption of the EU budget (EP second reading) when modified against the provisional budget nor about the internal transfers (including staff) made between operational and administrative appropriations authorised within the limit of 10 % (Article 22 of the FR) Discharge for the year 2003 points 23. to 27. and Annex III have been prepared under the responsibility of COCOBU secretariat with the assistance of the Budgetary Support Service 23. Under the Financial Regulation (as of 2003) Parliament is competent for giving discharge to the Directors of the Agencies which receive funds charged to the EU budget. In 2005, the Committee on Budgetary Control (Ayala /Schlyter report on the discharge to the Agencies for the financial year 2003 - A6-0074/2005 ) confirmed Parliament's view that there was a need for a "horizontal approach" to a number of issues concerning the agencies. The committee expanded on work already initiated in the two previous discharge exercises and fine-tuned its recommendations common to all agencies in its resolutions accompanying discharge. 24. Parliament approved the report AYALA SENDER/SCHLYTER giving discharge to 14 Agencies for 2003. In the resolutions accompanying the discharge decisions, both "horizontal matters" i.e. points applying to all the Agencies and issues