issued documents will continue to be valid. The UK has not opted into this legislation but has said it will introduce rules to mirror the EU Regulation. Regulation adopted by EP: 14.01.2009 (Council's formal decision pending) Deadline for introduction of one person, one passport: 36 months after entry into force Deadline for introduction of biometric passports (including fingerprinting provisions): 28.06.2009 Tougher EU rules on gun ownership The European Parliament updated current EU rules on gun ownership to reduce illegal traffic, including over the internet. The legislation sets up computerised data systems so that all firearms can be traceable to owners, and prohibits people under 18 from possessing firearms. Directive adopted by EP: 29/11/2007 Deadline for transposition: 28/07/2010. For computerized databases: 31/12/2014 Telecommunication companies to retain call data, but no content To help national authorities to combat terrorism and organised crime, a new directive requires telecommunication companies to retain certain call data. They must keep the information necessary to identify the source, destination and location of communications made by phone and on the internet, but this does not include the content. Data must be kept for between 6 and 24 months, and it is up to each Member State to decide how long. The law also sets data protection standards. Directive adopted by EP: 24/11/2005 Transposition deadline: 15/09/2009 Political positions and consultations In addition to legislation, the EP has been questioning the actions of Member States where these were not consistent with the core values of the EU. It has also aimed to reinforce civil liberties in legislation on which it was consulted, but did not have the final say. CIA activities in Europe According to Parliament's final report, adopted after a year of work by its temporary committee, "at least 1,245 flights operated by the CIA flew into European airspace or stopped over at European airports" from 2001 to 2005. MEPs regret that European countries had been "turning a blind eye" to such flights, "which, on some occasions, were being used for extraordinary rendition or the illegal transportation of detainees". Report adopted by EP: 14/02/2007 Concerns over air passenger data exchanges MEPs were concerned that agreements to provide non-EU countries with data on air passengers contravened data protection legislation. On several occasions, Parliament requested more democratic control of these so-called Passenger Name Record (PNR) agreements. Due to privacy concerns, Parliament also criticised a European plan to collect air passenger records