all Member States should join the Council of Europe's GRECO (Group of states against corruption) group. In addition, an independent evaluation system should be set up to assess the proper implementation by the Member States of anti-corruption legislation. The committee also emphasises that the accession countries and Member States should make equivalent efforts in the fight against corruption and should establish specialist anti-corruption bodies. It says that Eurojust and Europol should be the appropriate bodies for ensuring judicial and police co-operation between national authorities. MEPs also hope that the office of the independent European Public Prosecutor will be set up as soon as possible with powers to investigate and prosecute crimes. Other factors in the fight against corruption include media pluralism and independence, as well as transparency in the financing of political parties and election spending. MEPs in the committee urge the Commission to ensure that media pluralism and freedom of information are fully respected by the Member States and call on the Commission to submit a directive on the protection of media pluralism. They also call on the Commission to draw up rules for ensuring transparency in political party funding and election expenditure. Lastly, Member States are asked to intensify their anti-corruption policies by adopting stringent measures to punish the falsification of accounts, tax evasion and money laundering. Repatriation of Mortal remains Michael CASHMAN (PES, West Midlands) Report on the adoption of measures concerning the repatriation of mortal remains (2003/2032(INI)) Doc.: A5-0362/2003 Procedure :Own-initiative report Debate : 03.12.2003 Michael CASHMAN (PES, UK), for the Citizens' Rights Committee, will be tabling a non-binding own-initiative resolution on the adoption of measures concerning the repatriation of mortal remains. The draft resolution begins by noting that there is currently no uniform EU-wide provision governing the repatriation of mortal remains from one Member State to another. The death of an EU citizen in a Member State other than his/her country of origin results in more complex procedures, a longer time before burial or cremation and higher costs than if the death had occurred in the deceased person's country of origin. Pointing out that freedom of movement and residence is a fundamental right within the EU, MEPs stress that, with greater intra-Community mobility in general, the number of Community citizens who die in a country other than their country of origin is bound to increase. The draft resolution concludes that the repatriation of mortal remains