Answer given by Mr Potočnik on behalf of the Commission (3 August 2006) 1. ‘Transcontainer’ is a project with 13 partners, including the German federal Office for Consumer Protection and Food Safety (BVL), that is aimed at developing and assessing the potential environmental and socioeconomic impact of strategies to prevent transgene spread from transgenic crops to non-transgenic plants of the same crop or to wild relatives. These strategies are not aimed at restricting the use or propagation of crops, which is the primary goal of genetic use restiction technologies (GURTs). However, technologies preventing transgene spread commonly involve some form of interference with normal plant reproduction, and as such will partially overlap with technolgies used in GURTs. However only one of the seven technologies to be studied and developed in the ‘Transcontainer’ project comes close to what is commonly called ‘terminator’ technology, that is the prevention of the germination of seeds derived from the transgenic crop. In all cases, including the aforementioned example, the technologies that will be developed in this project also aim to restore fertility, again showing that the ‘Transcontainer’ project is not about preventing the use of transgenic seed, but about limiting undesirable transgene spread. The ‘Transcontainer’ project is specifically targeted to European agriculture and European crops. The GURT debate centres around the ability of farmers to save seeds from crops they grow on their farm for planting in the next season and the related socioeconomic impacts. Generally, this is not a major problem as long as farmers are able to buy new seeds on the market. Farmers in developed countries do not generally save seeds from previous years’ crops. This is in part due to the improved quality and uniformity of commercial seed and the plants derived from it. Prominent examples of seeds that farmers prefer to or have to purchase annually are those for hybrid crops (progeny not genetically uniform), seedless fruits and vegetables such as cucumber and melon, vegetables (tomatoes, cucumber), maize (poor quality seed) and sugar beet (crop does not reach the seed production stage). GURTs may however become a problem for farmers in developing countries where seed markets do not function well and/or where farmers are not well informed about the properties of the seeds they use. Assessing the environmental and socioeconomic impact of the use of biological containment technologies for Europe is a prominent part of ‘Transcontainer’. 2. Decision V/5, Section III