to support all efforts of the Nepalese Government and the parties to find a solution to the integration of former Maoist combatants into the National Army or other security forces and viable alternative solutions for those who cannot be integrated into these organisations; 9. Calls on the political parties, and notably on the UCPN-M, to rein in their militant youth wings and to stop recruiting children; calls on the UCPN-M to ensure unhindered access to the rehabilitation packages for minors discharged recently from their camps; 10. Calls directly on the UN, ideally in cooperation with the government, to establish procedures to vet potential members of the security forces to exclude those clearly guilty of human rights violations from any UN peacekeeping positions; reminds the Nepali army that, sadly, its known professionalism and reputation are already at stake and will very clearly remain so as long as long-standing and well-documented impunity issues within its ranks continue not to be addressed objectively, i.e. by the judiciary; 11. Expresses its concern about reports of new recruitments to the national army; recalls that the Supreme Court has ruled them compatible with the CPA insofar as they involve only technical personnel; notes nonetheless that such a recruitment drive may exacerbate the difficulties faced in the transition process; 12. Remains deeply convinced that, two years after the abolition of the monarchy, the army should be brought under full democratic oversight, including budgetary aspects; affirms its solidarity with the CA in any steps it could take in this respect; 13. Reiterates to the EU Member States that lethal weapons exports to Nepal remain prohibited under the CPA and calls on them to lend financial and technical support to creative solutions for the restructuring of the Nepalese army; 14. Expresses its full support for the crucial role that UNMIN plays, and believes that its mandate should be extended at least until the peace process has entered a consolidated phase; 15. Expresses its concern about the reports of the increasing incidence of torture and violent aggression; applauds in this context the work of the National Human Rights Commission of Nepal; 16. Expresses its concern that the Government of Nepal extended the mandate of the UNOHCR by one year with only a revised mandate, gradually shutting down the body's regional operations, which runs counter to hopes that its human rights monitoring function could be stepped up; 17. Calls for the