Question for written answer P-001666/2012 to the Commission Rule 117 Iliana Ivanova (PPE) (10 February 2012) Subject: Discriminatory attitude of Netherlands website towards Eastern Europeans On 8 February 2012, the Dutch far-right Party for Freedom (PVV) launched a special website http://www.meldpuntmiddenenoosteuropeanen.nl/ where citizens of the Netherlands can submit complaints and grievances about Eastern European workers residing in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The subjects about which citizens of the Kingdom of the Netherlands are encouraged to submit complaints are: antisocial behaviour, fouling with refuse, loss of their jobs and problems relating to integration and trouble in residential areas. This allows hatred and fear to be deliberately instilled towards citizens from Central and Eastern Europe who are being deliberately portrayed as a threat and a problem to the Dutch public. The website of the far-right PVV is instilling racism and xenophobia among Dutch citizens, stirring up groundless fears and inciting discrimination against people from Central and Eastern Europe. We feel that this action by the PVV is at odds with European values and solidarity between Member States. This is yet another example of the discriminatory attitude towards Bulgarian citizens in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The European Commission has already been informed of systematic grievances from Bulgarian citizens about the refusal to issue VAR declarations for companies represented by Bulgarian citizens in the Netherlands, as yet another display of discrimination. 1. Does the Commission not consider the information and calls on this website to violate the fundamental principles of the European Union, in particular the principle of non‑discrimination that is enshrined in the primary legislation of the EU — the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union — which is already part of the Treaty of Lisbon, as well as in Article 13 of the Treaty of Amsterdam? 2. What action will the Commission take to defend the values of the European Union? What stance will the Commission adopt on this subject? Will the Commission ask the Netherlands Government to investigate cases and ensure that timely measures are taken?