maturity, a modular structure providing adequate flexibility , allowing inter alia for the introduction of additional modules, should be adopted. (14) A programme of pilot studies should be established to improve reporting and data quality, enhance methodologies and prepare for further developments. (14a) The introduction of additional reporting requirements should be preceded by a feasibility assessment. (15) The Commission should be entitled to grant derogations to Member States during the transitional periods insofar as major adaptations to their national statistical systems are required. (15a) The Union should encourage the introduction of environmental economic accounts in third countries, particularly in those that share environmental resources (mainly water) with Member States. (16) Since the objective of this Regulation, namely the establishment of a common framework for the collection, compilation, transmission and evaluation of European environmental economic accounts, cannot be sufficiently achieved by the Member States and can therefore be better achieved at Union level, the Union may adopt measures, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty on European Union. In accordance with the principle of proportionality, as set out in that Article, this Regulation does not go beyond what is necessary in order to achieve that objective. ▌ (18) The power to adopt acts in accordance with Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union should be delegated to the Commission for the purpose of adjusting the modules to environmental, economic and technical developments, as well as providing methodological guidance. It is of particular importance that the Commission carry out appropriate consultations during its preparatory work, including at expert level. The Commission, when preparing and drawing up delegated acts, should ensure a simultaneous, timely and appropriate transmission of relevant documents to the European Parliament and Council. (18a) In order to ensure uniform conditions for the implementation of this Regulation, implementing powers should be conferred on the Commission. Those powers should be exercised in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16 February 2011 laying down the rules and general principles concerning mechanisms for control by Member States of the Commission's exercise of implementing powers OJ L 55, 28.2.2011, p. 13. . (19) The European Statistical System Committee has been consulted, HAVE ADOPTED THIS REGULATION: Article 1 Subject matter This Regulation establishes a common framework for the collection, compilation, transmission and evaluation of