Answer given by Mr Kyprianou on behalf of the Commission (19 September 2006) Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) sequences are usually published in scientific journals or, more recently, also in publicly accessible online databases. This holds true also for DNA sequences from human and animal pathogens such as bacteria and viruses, and access to these data is vital for a wide range of scientists, from basic researchers studying the genes that make these pathogens highly infectious and dangerous to more applied work on vaccines and drugs against the diseases caused by these pathogens. Therefore, knowledge of DNA sequences is public and not restricted. There is an exception to that rule with regard to DNA sequences from the smallpox virus, which are not published and therefore are not in the public domain. In addition, shipping of DNA from smallpox is regulated and restricted under World Health Organisation (WHO) rules, which does not allow the distribution of complete DNA from the smallpox virus. Concerning trade issues, the Sanitary and Phytosanitary Agreement of the World Trade Organisation (WTO) lays down rules for the application of health measures with a view to avoiding unjustified restrictions on trade. It does not, however, deal with the measures themselves, and it would be inappropriate to use this Agreement to regulate this trade. It must also be noted that the information on published DNA sequences is sufficient to acquire DNA itself, either by means of chemical synthesis or by modern biotechnological amplification methods. Therefore, restricting trade of DNA would not restrict the distribution and use of potentially dangerous DNA sequences. On 24-25 July 2006, the Commission organised an exploratory seminar on European bio-preparedness involving relevant Member States' authorities as well as the private sector. The issue raised by the Honourable Member may receive further follow-up in the course of the process launched by this seminar and by the planned Green Paper on European bio-preparedness.