Answer given by Mrs Reding on behalf of the Commission (23 April 2009) The Commission sent a detailed reply to the Parliament by means of a Communication from the Commission dated 24 February 2009 concerning Petition 171/2007 presented by Breda Moynihan Cronin TD on the same issue that the Honourable Member refers to. This response by the Commission sets out the latest position in relation to concerns regarding telephone service in Black Valley, County Kerry as follows. Firstly, the Commission for Communications Regulation (ComReg), the Irish national regulatory authority for electronic communications, has taken measures to enhance the quality at which Universal Service is available to all Irish end-users. In particular, following a public consultation in 2007, ComReg decided in May 2008 See http://www.odtr.ie/_fileupload/publications/ComReg0837.pdf to set legally binding and enforceable performance targets concerning the incumbent's Universal Service obligations to be achieved, in most cases, by the middle of 2009. More specifically, the decision obliges the incumbent to reduce the line fault rates (e.g. ‘ a maximum fault rate of 15.5 faults per 100 lines shall be achieved and fully complied with by 30 June 2009’), as well as to achieve that 80 % of line fault repairs are completed within two working days, 99.8 % of repairs are completed within five working days, and all repairs are completed within ten working days. These general measures are expected to also benefit the residents of Black Valley. Secondly, as regards the technical measures to improve the quality of Universal Service to the residents of Black Valley in particular, the incumbent indicated to the Commission in October 2008 that it had undertaken to install, free of charge, a WiMAX (Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access) network, which would enable the residents to access broadband Internet services This goes beyond functional (narrowband) Internet access as required by the Universal Service Directive (Article 4). and allow them to make telephone calls using the VoIP (voice over the Internet protocol) technology. In February and April 2009 the incumbent has confirmed to ComReg the following: Work on installation of the WiMAX network commenced in September 2008. There are currently five WiMAX base stations installed, and the network is being commissioned (tested). The customer change-over, which is the final stage of the WiMAX deployment, will begin in April 2009. VoIP (voice over the Internet protocol) solution should be available to the residents of Black Valley in April. One to