Noting that Europe was itself a product of the war, he concluded, "let us be proud of this Europe that our fore-bearers have built for us". The President of the European Commission, José Manuel BARROSO, recognised that true freedom for millions of Europeans came from the fall of the Berlin Wall. He expressed his admiration for Central and Eastern European countries' struggle for democracy, and reflecting on the progress made, he said, "How can we not be optimistic if we look at where we were just 60 years ago?" But he cautioned not to take the Europe of today for granted, saying, "the history of Europe has revealed we have to work for peace". In this sense, he saw the European Constitution as the way towards greater progress in the future. Graham R. WATSON (ALDE, UK) said that the debate must be about the future, not the past. "Let us rejoice that Europe is united in peace", he said. But he sounded a note of caution. "There are no guarantees. Can we move forward or will our achievements melt before our eyes and be replaced by national conflicts?" He referred to new global challenges, such as climate change, international organised crime and terrorism, and saw greater convergence as the key to better facing such global challenges. He thus welcomed cooperation with Russia and China but warned against tolerating authoritarian regimes. Nigel FARAGE (IND/DEM) asked what the arguments for the EU are, emphasising that it was wrong to say that the European Union had kept the peace in Europe for the last 60 years. He held NATO up as the sole guarantor of peace, which he said was an example of intergovernmental cooperation, and cited the examples of wars in Yugoslavia, the former Soviet Union and the USA as proof that "federalism does not guarantee peace". He concluded by saying, "we must tell the peoples of Europe the truth about our ambitions and give them free and fair referendums or we will be heading for disaster". Vote Thursday, 12 May 2005 MEPs will vote on a joint resolution on the 60th anniversary of the end of the Second World War on 8 May 1945. Parliament will vote tomorrow on a draft resolution of several political groups which highlights the importance of keeping the memories of the past alive, because there cannot be reconciliation without truth and remembrance. The draft emphasises at