Member State to the Commission, together with all the relevant information necessary to demonstrate that the conclusion reached in the report on effective network access being achieved will be maintained. Within three months of its receipt of a notification, the Commission shall adopt an opinion with respect to the request by the Member State concerned, and where appropriate, submit proposals to the European Parliament and to the Council to amend the relevant provisions of the Directive or provide for other appropriate means . Within three months of its receipt of a notification, the Commission shall adopt an opinion with respect to the request by the Member State concerned, and where appropriate, submit proposals to the European Parliament and to the Council to amend the relevant provisions of the Directive. Justification If this exemption is to be accepted, it should apply only to legal unbundling of distribution companies. In addition it should be dependent on alternative measures to achieve the same effect having already been implemented and shown to be effective throughout the Member State and not just by one or two distribution system operators. The use of the term "certain obligations" is too wide and could potentially be used to obtain derogation from other important provisions of this directive. What are the 'appropriate means' in question? Parliament has legislative powers; i.e. it can amend a directive in the codecision procedure. This possibly has already been mentioned. There are no other 'appropriate measures' for Parliament to decide on. Amendment 20 Article 32, paragraph 1 1. Directive 91/296/EEC shall be repealed with effect from 1 July 2004, without prejudice to contracts concluded pursuant to Article 3(1) of Directive 91/296/EEC, which shall continue to be valid and to be implemented under the terms of the said Directive. 1. Directive 91/296/EEC shall be repealed with effect from 1 July 2004, without prejudice to contracts concluded pursuant to Article 3(1) of Directive 91/296/EEC, which shall continue to be valid and to be implemented under the terms of the said Directive. The repeal of Directive 91/296/EEC does not call into question the legal framework of long-term contracts, important to ensure European security of supply. Justification It is not at all certain that regulated TPA will be sufficient to perpetuate long-term transits, which are an essential element for guaranteeing security of supply. Nevertheless, these contracts are vital for ensuring security of supply for countries producing little or