and this Agreement. Cooperation between the European Parliament and the Commission 19. The two institutions express their readiness to assist each other in order to ensure full cooperation when dealing with specific implementing measures. To this effect, appropriate contacts at administrative level will be established. Preceding agreements 20. The 2000 Agreement between the European Parliament and the Commission on procedures for implementing Council Decision 1999/468/EC OJ L 256, 10.10.2000, p. 19. is hereby replaced. The European Parliament and the Commission consider the following agreements superseded and thus of no effect in so far as they are concerned: the 1988 Plumb/Delors Agreement, the 1996 Samland/Williamson Agreement and the 1994 modus vivendi OJ C 102, 4.4.1996, p. 1. . ANNEX XIV Framework Agreement on relations between the European Parliament and the European Commission The European Parliament Parliament's decision of 20 October 2010. and the European Commission (hereinafter referred to as "the two Institutions"), - having regard to the Treaty on European Union (TEU), the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), in particular Article 295 thereof, and the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community (hereinafter referred to as "the Treaties"), - having regard to the Inter-institutional Agreements and texts governing relations between the two Institutions, - having regard to Parliament's Rules of Procedure OJ L 44, 15.2.2005, p. 1. , and in particular Rules 105, 106 and 127 thereof and Annexes VIII and XIV thereto, - having regard to the political guidelines issued, and the relevant statements made, by the President-elect of the Commission on 15 September 2009 and 9 February 2010 and the statements made by each of the candidate Members of the Commission in the course of their hearings by parliamentary committees, A. whereas the Lisbon Treaty strengthens the democratic legitimacy of the Union's decision-making process, B. whereas the two Institutions attach the utmost importance to the effective transposition and implementation of Union law, C. whereas this Framework Agreement does not affect the powers and prerogatives of Parliament, the Commission or any other institution or organ of the Union but seeks to ensure that those powers and prerogatives are exercised as effectively and transparently as possible, D. whereas this Framework Agreement should be interpreted in conformity with the institutional framework as organised by the Treaties, E. whereas the Commission will take due account of the respective roles conferred by the Treaties on Parliament and the Council, in