applied to Article 1. Amendment 53 Article 13, title Article 13 Article 13 General provisions concerning residence documents Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 54 Article 13, paragraph 1 1. As soon as the application for family reunification has been accepted, the Member State concerned shall authorise the entry of the family member or members. In that regard, Member States shall grant such persons every facility for obtaining the requisite visas. 1. As soon as the application for family reunification has been accepted, the Member State concerned shall authorise the entry of the family member or members. In that regard, Member States shall grant such persons every facility for obtaining the requisite visas , including transit visas . Justification It is sometimes necessary to cross one or more Member States to get to another. In such cases a transit visa is necessary. The directive should provide for this. Amendment 55 Article 14, title Article 14 Article 14 Equal treatment Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 56 Article 15, title Article 15 Article 15 Autonomous residence permit Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 57 Article 15, paragraph 1 1. At the latest after five years of residence, and provided the family relationship still exists, the spouse or unmarried partner and a child who has reached majority shall be entitled to an autonomous residence permit, independent of that of the applicant. 1. At the latest after five years of residence, and provided the family relationship still exists, the spouse or – where the legislation of the Member State in question considers unmarried couples to have equivalent status to married couples – unmarried or registered partner and the child or children of the applicant or of the spouse, unmarried or registered partner as defined in Article 4, paragraph 1, point (a) who has reached majority shall be entitled to an autonomous residence permit, independent of that of the applicant. Justification Same as for Amendment 22, applied to Article 4(1)(a). The amendment seeks to reflect and respect the diversity of family relationships that exist in today’s society. Amendment 58 Article 15, paragraph 3 3. In the event of widowhood, divorce, separation, or death of relatives in the ascending or descending line, an independent residence permit may be issued to persons who have entered by virtue of family reunification. Member