asked for an opinion. 2. In the case of documents of a legislative nature within the meaning of Rule 43(1), the opinion shall consist of amendments to the text referred to the committee accompanied where appropriate by short justifications. Such justifications shall be the responsibility of the rapporteur for the opinion and shall not be put to the vote. If necessary the committee asked for an opinion may submit a short written justification for the opinion taken as a whole. In the case of non-legislative texts, the opinion shall consist of suggestions for parts of the motion for a resolution submitted by the committee responsible. The committee responsible shall put these amendments or suggestions to the vote. The opinions shall deal solely with those matters that fall within the areas of responsibility of the committee asked for an opinion. 3. The committee responsible shall set a deadline within which the committee asked for an opinion must deliver it if it is to be taken into account by the committee responsible. Any changes to the announced timetable shall be immediately communicated by the committee responsible to the committee(s) asked for an opinion. The committee responsible shall not reach its final conclusions before that time-limit has expired. 4. All adopted opinions shall be annexed to the report of the committee responsible. 5. Only the committee responsible may table amendments in plenary. 6. The Chair and rapporteur of the committee asked for an opinion shall be invited to take part in an advisory capacity in meetings of the committee responsible, insofar as these relate to the matter of common concern. Rule 50 Procedure with associated committees Where a question of competence is referred to the Conference of Presidents pursuant to Rules 188(2) or 48, and the Conference of Presidents, on the basis of Annex VII, considers that the matter falls almost equally within the competence of two or more committees, or that different parts of the matter fall within the competence of two or more committees, Rule 49 shall apply with the following additional provisions: - the timetable shall be jointly agreed by the committees concerned; - the rapporteurs concerned shall keep each other informed and shall endeavour to agree on the texts they propose to their committees and on their position regarding amendments; - the Chairs and rapporteurs concerned shall jointly identify areas of the text falling within their exclusive or joint