Answer given by Mr Verheugen on behalf of the Commission (27 April 2006) As a general rule, European Directives relating to exhaust emissions from motor vehicles are performance based and technologically neutral. That means that the environmental objective (i.e. the fulfilment of a determined nitrogen oxide (NOx) emission level) can be reached by means of the application of different technologies. In this specific case (NOx emissions), there are two technologies currently applied in the field of heavy duty diesel vehicles: — Exhaust gas recirculation EGR) — Selective catalytic reduction (SCR) EGR reduces the NOx emissions by decreasing the combustion temperature due to the introduction in the combustion chamber of part of the exhaust gas. It is an ‘engine system’ that does not need any additional exhaust after-treatment system but, due to the decrease in combustion temperature, produces an increase of carbon monoxide (CO), hydrocarbon (HC) and particulate matter in certain working conditions of the engine. SCR reduces the NOx emissions by means of the injection of urea (commercialised as AdBlue) into the exhaust stream. It is an ‘after-treatment system’ that needs an additional tank for urea storage. The consumption of urea is about 5 % of the fuel consumption. It has a NOx conversion efficiency of about 80 % and allows the calibration of the engine for low carbon dioxide (CO2) and particulate levels. As indicated before, both systems can be used to comply with the current EU directives relating to emissions from heavy duty vehicles (HDV) and most European HDV manufacturers have chosen SCR technology to fulfil the NOx standards although some of them are using EGR technology or both (i.e. EGR for city buses and urban distribution trucks and SCR in the most powerful engines). Relating to the possible fraudulent use of the SCR system (i.e. lack of AdBlue in the system or bad quality of it), Sections 6.5.4 and 6.5.5 of Commission Directive 2005/78/EC Commission Directive 2005/78/EC of 14 November 2005 implementing Directive 2005/55/EC of the Parliament and of the Council on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the measures to be taken against the emission of gaseous and particulate pollutants from compression-ignition engines for use in vehicles, and the emission of gaseous pollutants from positive ignition engines fuelled with natural gas or liquefied petroleum gas for use in vehicles and amending Annexes I, II, III, IV and VI thereto, OJ L