J. whereas under US protection several hundreds of dissident members have been moved to a neighbouring refugee camp, whereas over the last few years the UNHCR has been according them refugee status, resettling them in safe places in Iraq or third countries and whereas this facility was closed in 2008, K. whereas the International Committee of the Red Cross has, in recent years, arranged the repatriation of more than 250 ex-MEK members to Iran on a voluntary basis, 1. Welcomes the recent US-Iraqi agreements aimed at re-establishing full state sovereignty of the Iraqi people and the elected government over its territory and considers it normal that the laws of Iraq should be applicable to the whole of the country; 2. Takes note of the announcement by the Iraqi Government of its intention to dissolve Camp Ashraf and, in this context, expresses its concern over the humanitarian situation of its residents; 3. Calls on the Iraqi authorities to protect the lives and the physical and mental integrity of the Camp Ashraf residents and to treat them in accordance with their obligations under the 1951 Geneva Convention, notably not to deport, expel or repatriate them in violation of the principle of non-refoulement; 4. Expresses grave concern over the reported practices of mental and physical manipulation and severe human rights violations within the MEK cult under the leadership of the Rajavis; 5. Calls on the Iraqi Government and the MEK leadership to grant full and immediate access for international humanitarian and human rights organisations, the Iraqi Ministry of Human Rights and the media to all parts of the camp in order to carry out an independent assessment of the situation; 6. Underlines that all Camp Ashraf residents should be allowed to be interviewed by the Iraqi authorities, the ICRC and the UNHCR at a neutral location outside Camp Ashraf without the presence of MEK officials in order to find out whether they wish to remain inside the organisation or to leave it; 7. Calls on the Iraqi Government and the MEK leadership to allow the departure of all those who do not want to stay in Camp Ashraf any longer and to allow family members to meet with their MKO relatives at a neutral location without an official MEK presence; 8. Calls on the Council, Commission and Member States to send an assessment mission to Camp Ashraf and to assist the Iraqi Government