2004/C 33 E/048 WRITTEN QUESTION E-0538/03 by Erik Meijer (GUE/NGL) to the Commission (26 February 2003) Subject: Export processing zones on the island of Mauritius where goods are produced for the European market by workers who are paid extremely low wages and are subjected to unacceptable working conditions 1. Is the Commission aware that, on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius, a former colony of various current Member States of the EU, export processing zones have been set up where luxury goods, such as designer wear, electronic goods and cosmetics, as well as tinned tuna, are produced for the European market? 2. Is the Commission aware that the law in Mauritius allows the workers in such zones to be paid extremely low wages in return for very long working hours in unsafe conditions, which means that the people involved cannot lead even a very poor life on those wages without becoming dependent on financial aid from the state and on living in shacks made out of waste materials? 3. Is the Commission also aware that wages and working conditions in such zones have recently become so bad that no Mauritians want to work there any longer, with the result that the jobs are now being taken by immigrants from China, Indian and Bangladesh who, before they even arrive on Mauritius to start work, have had to pay extortionate recruitment fees, so that, ultimately, after many years of hard work on Mauritius, their reward is to be able to return to their homeland still burdened by debt? 4. Does the Commission agree with my conclusion that that the work undertaken does not result in local development but in permanent exploitation which maintains the cost of luxury goods in Europe at an artificially low level, with the result that our prosperity becomes increasingly dependent on permanent poverty elsewhere in the world, which also contributes to the destruction of good jobs in Europe? 5. What contribution can the EU make to ensure that this unacceptable situation is ended at the earliest possible opportunity, for example by advising companies importing such goods and their customers about the conditions in which the goods are manufactured, by banning imports of goods for which prices are kept artificially low and by contacting the Government of Mauritius and the governments of similar countries with a view to zones of this nature being closed down? Source: TV Nederland 2,