the matters indicated in paragraph 3 of this Article. It shall take its decision within 12 months of receiving the evaluation from the Member State, except in the case of Article 5(4) and (6) of Decision 1999/468/EC where the period shall be 18 months. 5. Such derogations may allow, limit or severely restrict the placing on the market and the use of surfactants as ingredients in detergents, depending on the results of the complementary risk assessment, as defined in Annex IV. They may include a phase-out period for placing on the market and the use of surfactants as ingredients in detergents. The Commission may review a derogation as soon as information comes to light which would justify a significant revision of the technical file that was included in the application for derogation. For this purpose, the manufacturer shall, upon request, supply to the Commission a technical file that has been updated regarding the items mentioned in Annex IV, point 2. On the basis of this updated information, the Commission may decide to prolong, modify or terminate the derogation. Paragraphs 1 to 4 and 6 of this Article and Article 6 shall apply mutatis mutandis. 6. The Commission shall publish the list of surfactants that have obtained derogation, with the corresponding conditions or limitations of use, as provided in Annex V. Article 6 Conditions for granting a derogation 1. Where the Commission considers granting a derogation, it shall do so in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 12(2), and on the basis of the following criteria: – use in low-dispersive applications, rather than in wide-dispersive applications; – use in specific industrial and/or institutional applications only; – the risk to the environment or to health posed by the volume of sales and the pattern of use throughout the Community is small compared to the socio-economic benefits, including food safety and hygiene standards. 2. As long as the Commission has not decided on a request for derogation, the placing on the market and use of the surfactant in question may be maintained, provided the manufacturer can show that the surfactant was already in use on the Community market at the date of entry into force of this Regulation and that the request for derogation was made within two years from that date. 3. If the Commission refuses to grant a derogation, it shall do so within 12 months of receiving from