May 1998 on injunctions for the protection of consumers" interests OJ L 166, 11.6.1998, p. 51. Directive as last amended by Directive 2002/65/EC. . This Directive accordingly applies only in so far as there are no specific Community law provisions regulating specific aspects of unfair commercial practices, such as information requirements and rules on the way the information is presented to the consumer. It provides protection for consumers where there is no specific sectoral legislation at Community level and prohibits traders from creating a false impression of the nature of products. This is particularly important for complex products with high levels of risk to consumers, such as certain financial services products. The Directive consequently complements the Community acquis which is applicable to commercial practices harming consumers' economic interests and, in particular, Regulation (EC) No .../2004 of the European Parliament and Council of .......... concerning sales promotions in the internal market OJ L [...], [...], p. [...]. . The Regulation removes certain bans or limitation to the use of sales promotions and reference to them in commercial communications. The general requirements on misleading advertising and other unfair commercial practices, which are applicable to the use and communication of sales promotions, are covered by this Directive. (8) The high level of convergence achieved by the approximation of national provisions through this Directive creates a high common level of consumer protection. The Directive prohibits unfair commercial practices distorting consumers' economic behaviour. It also sets rules on aggressive commercial practices, which are currently not regulated at EU level. The harmonisation achieved and the high common level of consumer protection it aims to create will in time produce the conditions to make the principle of mutual recognition applicable in the field co-ordinated by the Directive. (9) As a result of the combination of harmonisation and the principle of mutual recognition legal certainty will considerably increase for both consumers and business. Both consumers and business will be able to rely on a single regulatory framework based on clearly defined legal concepts regulating all aspects of unfair commercial practices across the EU. Business will only have to comply with the national rules transposing the Directive in the country where there are established. The effect will be to eliminate the barriers stemming from the fragmentation of the rules on unfair commercial practices harming consumer economic interests and enable the achievement of the internal market in this area. The