from carbon nanotubes are 100 time stronger than steel, but 6 time lighter; silver nanoparticles on the surfaces of refrigerators, air conditioners and laundry machines act as antibacterial and antifungal agents; the biomedical field is manufacturing artificial bone composites stronger than stainless steel. Other novel products based on nanosciences are: anti-graffiti paints, long lasting batteries, self cleaning textiles, advanced coatings, and flexible display systems. Nanotechnologists are also investigating ways in which new medicines can be discovered and administered, and how new security techniques can help in crime prevention. Nanotechnologies combine different technological disciplines (micro-electronics, microsystem technology, chemistry, physics and biotechnology) in a single multidisciplinary field. Therefore, where these technologies meet, existing technological barriers can be approached from various angles and a wide range of new possibilities can be developed. Nanotechnology is therefore, a superb multidisciplinary arena and opens a new world of opportunities and solutions in all kinds of areas and industries. Nanosciences and nanotechnologies are expected to have an impact on nearly every industry and are therefore considered to be one of the key technologies for the 21st century. It already has a predicted market potential of several hundred billion euros and the U.S. National Science Foundation even estimates that the global market for nanotechnologies will reach one trillion dollars within 10 to 15 years Roco, C. and Sims Bainbridge, W. (ed.), Societal implications of nanoscience and nanotechnology, National Science Foundation, 2001. . The Commission's Communication The Commission's Action plan, adopted on 7 June 2005, is a concrete implementation of the strategy for nanotechnology that the Commission has adopted in 2004 Towards a European Strategy for Nanotechnology (COM(2004)338). . The Action plan defines a series of interconnected actions for the immediate implementation of a safe, integrated and responsible strategy for nanosciences and nanotechnologies at EU level. The Commission envisages: · Boosting funding for nanotechnologies in the Seventh Framework Programme; · Developing world-class competitive infrastructure for research and poles of excellence; · Creating favourable conditions for EU industry to turn research into useful products and services; · Ensuring that ethical principles are always respected and citizens' concerns and expectations are taken into account; · Addressing public health, safety and environmental risks at the earliest possible stage; · Reassessing existing EU legislation; · Supporting the creation of an open archive of scientific publications in the field; · Promoting the inter-disciplinary education & training of researchers and engineers; · Strengthening international dialogue