Answer given by High Representative/Vice-President Ashton on behalf of the Commission (12 January 2011) The Commission shares the concern of the Honourable Member that religious freedom in Turkmenistan guaranteed by the state constitution is considerably restricted in practice. The Commission has observed, however, that the situation has to some extent improved since 2007. In 2009, a mosque Gurbanguly Hadji was opened in Mary and an orthodox church was consecrated in Tejen. Nevertheless, activities of both registered and unregistered religious groups continue to be controlled by the authorities, and individuals and religious communities still experience administrative restrictions and/or various forms of harassment as reflected in the report of the United Nations (UN) Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion who visited the country in September 2008. Pending Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (PCA) ratification, which would put the EU in a better position to promote positive developments in Turkmenistan, the EU has used the existing forms of cooperation to address human rights problems in the country. In particular, a regular human rights dialogue was established under the EU‑Central Asia Strategy and so far three rounds of this dialogue were held, the latest one in June 2010 in Ashgabat. The EU addressed the issue of freedom of religion with Turkmen authorities during all rounds of this dialogue, notably by expressing its concern with harassment and imprisonment of members of religious minority groups. The EU strongly encouraged the implementation of the commitments undertaken by Turkmenistan during the UN Human Rights Council Universal Periodic Review as well as the recommendations made by Special Rapporteur. During the human rights dialogue, the EU also raised the issue of the restrictions to the freedom of movement. The Commission thanks the Honourable Member for bringing the particular cases of violations of the freedom of religion and belief to its attention. The Commission will use the future dialogues with the government of Turkmenistan to further discuss the issues raised by the Honourable Member.