been given powers to create competencies. Amendment 10 Proposal for a regulation Recital 5 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (5a) The Agency should bring additional, cos t-effective measures to support the response to marine pollution, including any pollution from offshore oil and gas installations, at the request of a Member State. In the event of marine pollution in a non-member State , the request should be made by the Commission. Amendment 11 Proposal for a regulation Recital 6 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (6) The Agency should enhance its assistance to the Commission regarding research activities related to its field of competences. However, double work with the existing EU research framework should be avoided. In particular, the Agency should not be in charge of the management of research projects. (6) The Agency should enhance its assistance to the Commission and the Member States regarding research activities related to its field of competences. However, double work with the existing EU research framework should be avoided. In particular, the Agency should not be in charge of the management of research projects. In extending the Agency’s tasks, attention should be paid to ensuring that the tasks are described clearly and precisely, and that there is no duplication and that any confusion is avoided. Amendment 12 Proposal for a regulation Recital 6 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (6a) In the light of the development of new innovative applications and services and the improvement of the existing applications and services and with a view to implementing a barrier-free European maritime area, the Agency should make full use of the potential offered by the EGNOS, Galileo and GMES programmes. Amendment 13 Proposal for a regulation Recital 7 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (7a) The Agency provides Member States with detailed information about cases of pollution by ships to enable them to fulfil their responsibilities under Directive 2005/35 of the European Parliament and the Council 1 . However the effectiveness of enforcement and the penalties vary greatly despite such pollution having the potential to end up in other national waters. ________________ 1. OJ L 255, 30.9.2005, p. 11 Justification Directive 2005/35, as amended by Directive 2009/123, gives Member States the responsibility of providing for criminal penalties in respect of discharges of polluting substances to which the Directive applies. It also gives the Agency a key role in