Answer given by Ms Vassiliou on behalf of the Commission (15 September 2009) The Commission is aware of the alleged cases of mistreatment and cruelty towards greyhounds in Spain. The Commission attaches great importance to animal welfare. Animals are recognised by the Protocol on Animal Welfare annexed to the EC Treaty Treaty of Amsterdam amending the Treaty on European Union, the Treaties establishing the European Communities and certain related acts — Protocol annexed to the Treaty of the European Community — Protocol on protection and welfare of animals, OJ C 340, 10.11.1997 p. 110. as sentient beings and the European institutions are obliged to pay full regard to the welfare requirements of animals when formulating and implementing Community legislation. At the same time, however, the European institutions must stay within their competence conferred on them by the EC Treaty and their power to legislate in improving the welfare of animals and in preventing cruelty against animals and their mistreatment extends only to the policy areas covered by the EC Treaty, such as agriculture. Accordingly, although a considerable body of Community legislation for the protection of animal welfare has been adopted with respect to the treatment of animals, the Community legislator has no power to act in order to protect the welfare of greyhounds as such. Since the Union has no competence to act in this field, this issue remains under the responsibility of the Member States. However, Community law is in place as regards the animal health conditions for imports from third countries and for trade in dogs from other Member States that are laid down in Council Directive 92/65/EEC Council Directive 92/65/EEC of 13 July 1992 laying down animal health requirements governing trade in and imports into the Community of animals, semen, ova and embryos not subject to animal health requirements laid down in specific Community rules referred to in Annex A(I) to Directive 90/425/EEC, OJ L 268, 14.9.1992. and in its implementing legislation. In addition, Regulation (EC) No 998/2003 Regulation (EC) No 998/2003 of the Parliament and of the Council of 26 May 2003 on the animal health requirements applicable to the non-commercial movement of pet animals and amending Council Directive 92/65/EEC, OJ L 146, 13.6.2003. establishes the animal health conditions for the non-commercial movement of pet animals. The zootechnical and pedigree requirements for the marketing of pure-bred animals, such as dogs, are laid down in Council Directive