administration as the medicinal product applied for. 3. The requirement to show medicinal use throughout the period of thirty years referred to in paragraph 1 , point (c), is satisfied even where the marketing of the herbal substances, herbal preparations or their active ingredients at a pharmacological level in the product has not been based on a specific authorisation. It is likewise satisfied if the number or quantity of ingredients of the medicinal product has been reduced during that period. 4. If the herbal substances, herbal preparations or their active ingredients at a pharmacological level in the product , also when in association with vitamins, oligoelements and other natural ingredients with the exception of biological material, have been in medicinal use within a specified territory or territories outside the Community for a continuous period of time, which, together with a minimum of 10 years within the Community, constitutes the period of 30 years , evidence to that effect may be supplied by the applicant. 5. Traditional herbal products containing a dose of herbal substances or herbal preparations which is below pharmacological level, which accordingly fall under food legislation, shall continue to be regulated under the same conditions in the Community. Article 16d When evaluating an application for traditional use registration, each Member State shall recognise registrations or authorisations granted by another Member State. Article 16e 1. Traditional use registration shall be refused if the application does not comply with Articles 16a, 16b or 16c or if at least one of the following conditions is fulfilled: a) the qualitative and/or quantitative composition is not as declared, b) the therapeutic indications do not comply with the conditions laid down in Article 16a, c) the product could be harmful in the normal conditions of use, d) data on traditional use is insufficient, especially if pharmacological effects or efficacy are not plausible on the basis of long-term use and experience, e) the pharmaceutical quality is not satisfactorily demonstrated. 2. The competent authorities of the Member States shall provide the applicant, the Commission and any competent authority requesting it , with any decision it makes to refuse traditional use registration on safety grounds and the reasons behind this decision . Article 16f 1. The Committee referred to in Article 16h shall set up a classification of herbal medicinal products, taking into account their composition and their pharmacological and toxicological effects. Within this classification, the Committee