simultaneous investigations and enforcement measures. 3. The competent authorities shall inform the Commission in advance of this co-ordination and may invite the officials and other accompanying persons authorised by the Commission to participate. 4. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2). Article 10 Database 1. The Commission shall maintain an electronic database in which it shall store and process the information it receives under Articles 7, 8 and 9. The database shall be made available for consultation only by the competent authorities. In relation to their responsibilities to notify information for storage in the database and the processing of personal data involved therein, the competent authorities shall be regarded as controllers in accordance with Article 2(d) of Directive 95/46/EC. In relation to its responsibilities under this Article and the processing of personal data involved therein, the Commission shall be regarded as a controller in accordance with Article 2(d) of Regulation (EC) No 45/2001. 2. Where a competent authority establishes that an intra-Community infringement it has notified under Article 7 has subsequently proved to be unfounded, it shall withdraw the notification and the Commission shall without delay remove the information from the database. Where a requested authority notifies the Commission under Article 9 that an intra-Community infringement has ceased, the stored data related to the intra-Community infringement shall be deleted after five years. 3. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2). Chapter III General conditions governing mutual assistance Article 11 General Responsibilities 1. Competent authorities shall fulfil their obligations under this Regulation as though acting on behalf of consumers in their own country and on their own account or at the request of another competent authority in their own country. 2. Member States shall take all necessary measures to ensure effective co-ordination of the application of this Regulation by the competent authorities , other public authorities, bodies having a legitimate interest in the cessation of intra-Community infringements designated by them and the competent courts , through the single liaison office. 3. Member States shall encourage co-operation between the competent authorities and any other bodies with a legitimate interest under national law in the cessation of intra-Community infringements to ensure that potential intra-Community infringements are notified to competent authorities without delay. Article