Answer given by Mr Verheugen on behalf of the Commission (25 May 2008) The Commission did not give the green light to the introduction of the sectoral driving ban in Austia. In January 2008, the Commission opened infringement proceedings against Austria indicating its concerns about traffic restricions to the Austrian authorities. In particular, doubts have been raised as to whether the measures taken comply with the principle of free movement of goods as enshrined in Commuinty law. In a reasoned opinion sent to Austria beginning of May 2008, the Commission once more formally requested to Austria to modify the traffic restrictions on the A12 motorway, as it was considered that the sectoral driving ban creates unjustified obstacles to cross-border trade. One of the main problems of such a ban is that it is not linked to the actual emissions of heavy goods vehicles, but to the freight they are transporting. Thereby the sectoral ban deviates from the polluters-pay-principle on which measures intended at reducing specific emissions should be based. In 2005, the Court of Justice confirmed already that a sectoral ban infringes principles of Community law, if applied when less restrictive measures are still available and when no sufficient alternative means of transports are provided (Case C‑320/03). A sectoral driving ban may contribute to increase the pressure towards a modal shift. However, any modal shift can take place only where sufficient alternative means of transport are provided to absorb the transport affected by the ban. The forthcoming Greening Transport package will include a communication on the internalisation of external costs which is based on the polluter pays principle. It will also include a proposal for a revision of the directive on the charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures Directive 2006/38/EC of Parliament and of the Council of 17 May 2006 amending Directive 1999/62/EC on the charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures, OJ L 157, 9.6.2006. in order to allow Member States to reflect certain external costs of transport in their tolling system.