greater legal certainty - a major aim in revising the directive - since all EEE is included as a matter of principle. The grouping into individual categories led to widely differing interpretations in the Member States, which should be avoided. New products can also thereby be taken into account, obviating the need for further revision of the directive to include them in the scope. Amendment 75 Council position Annex III Council position Amendment Categories of EEE covered by this Directive Categories of equipment for the purposes of determining recovery targets laid down in Article 11 1. Temperature exchange equipment 1. Temperature exchange equipment 2. Screens , monitors , and equipment containing screens having a surface greater than 100 cm2 2. Screens and monitors 3. Lamps 3. Lamps 4. Large equipment (one length greater than 50cm) including household appliances; IT and telecommunication equipment; consumer equipment; luminaires; equipment reproducing sound or images, musical equipment; electrical and electronic tool; toys, leisure and sports equipment; medical devices; monitoring and control instruments; automatic dispensers; equipment for the generation of electric currents. This category does not include equipment included in categories 1 to 3. 4. Large appliances other than cooling appliances and radiators, screens and monitors and lamps. 5. Small equipment (no length more than 50cm) including household appliances; IT and telecommunication equipment; consumer equipment; luminaires; equipment reproducing sound or images, musical equipment; electrical and electronic tool; toys, leisure and sports equipment; medical devices; monitoring and control instruments; automatic dispensers; equipment for the generation of electric currents. This category does not include equipment included in categories 1 to 3. 5. Small appliances other than cooling appliances and radiators, screens and monitors and lamps and IT and telecommunication equipment. 6. Small IT and telecommunications equipment . Justification The categories are not relevant for the scope since this is open (AM Article 2(1)). Using centimetre size to distinguish between large and small equipment is an arbitrary distinction. It can also lead to confusion with respect to the definitions of ‘large-scale installations’ and ‘large-scale tools’, which can certainly not be considered large if they have a length greater than 50 cm. Given, however, that no other indications of size are mentioned in the directive, there is a fear that use might be made of the centimetre scale in Annex III. A separate category for small ICT equipment makes sense, as these contain many raw materials. Amendment 76 Council position