Question for written answer E-000880/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE) (7 February 2011) Subject: Cubomed (LIFE 08 NAT/E/000064) project The Cubomed project (LIFE 08 NAT/E/000064 — Development and demonstration of eradication and control methods for an invasive species: Carybdea marsupialis ‘Cubozoa’ in the Spanish Mediterranean) was developed in 2008 in the context of the EU LIFE projects when hundreds of the Carybdea marsupials species began to appear off the coast of Denia. This is highly unusual, since they are usually to be found in the tropical zones of the Atlantic, Mediterranean and Pacific. The objective of this project is to find ways of detecting and quantifying the Carybdea jellyfish with a view to reducing the population and containing the proliferation thereof. It is also seeking to establish the environmental and ecological factors which are causing the mass proliferation of this species in the Mediterranean and assess the impact on the local ecosystem. The alarm was sounded in Denia when over 4 000 people reported being stung in 2008 compared with none at all in 2007, while in Santa Pola more than 6 000 instances were reported in 2010 compared with around a dozen in 2008. However, after the project had been underway for a year, the Spanish Government announced the suspension thereof as a result of the budget cuts necessitated by the crisis. The problem is that, since the project is being co-funded by the EU, if the Environment Ministry fails to contribute 44 % as agreed, the Commission will cease its contribution of 48.33 % and no further action will be taken on the project. The absence of political will to continue with it is a serious problem for us, given the importance of the beaches in socioeconomic terms for the Valencian coast and the Spanish Mediterranean. The situation is still worsened bythe fact that this is a particularly poisonous species (its poison is cardiotoxic affecting the red blood cells) while the potential cost of the resulting socioeconomic damage caused greatly exceeds the necessary investment to contain the problem. Does the Commission agree with the decision taken by the Spanish Government to withhold budget appropriations earmarked for the Cubamed project? Does the Commission not consider that development of the project is of vital importance in health, environmental and socioeconomic terms to the future of the areas affected ? What channels are open to the