Answer given by Ms Kuneva on behalf of the Commission (17 September 2007) The Commission is aware that a number of European consumers have been facing some problems when renting a car in another Member State. There is EU legislation which provides a certain degree of protection against unfair contract terms and/or misleading and aggressive commercial practices. In this connection, implementing regulations should exist at a national level. The enforcement of such measures is, in principle, the responsibility of the Member States. The Unfair Contract Terms Directive Council Directive 93/13/EC of 5 April 1993 on unfair terms in consumer contracts, OJ L 95, 21.4.1993. aims at preventing significant imbalances in the rights and obligations of consumers, sellers and suppliers. This general requirement is supplemented by a list of terms which may be regarded as unfair. Terms which are found by a national court, tribunal or administrative body to be unfair under the directive are not binding on consumers. The directive also requires contract terms to be drafted in plain and intelligible language and states that ambiguous terms must be interpreted in a way which is favourable to the consumer. Practices like those referred to by the Honourable Member may fall under the scope of the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive (‘UCP’) Directive 2005/29/EC of Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2005 concerning unfair business-to-consumer commercial practices in the internal market and amending Council Directive 84/450/EEC, Directives 97/7/EC and 2002/65 of Parliament and of the Council and Regulation (EC) No 2006/2004 of Parliament and of the Council (Unfair Commercial Practices Directive), OJ L 149, 11.6.2005. , adopted on 11 May 2005. The new laws transposing the directive will provide a high common level of consumer protection. They must be applicable by December 2007 in the Member States. The directive covers misleading and aggressive commercial practices and requires traders to operate in conformity with the requirements of professional diligence. Annex I of Directive 2005/29/EC ‘Commercial practices which are in all circumstances considered unfair’. Under UCP, in determining whether a commercial practice is aggressive, account will be taken of any onerous or disproportionate non-contractual barriers imposed by a trader when the consumer wishes to exercise his rights under the contract, including the right to terminate the contract. As regards concrete cases, it is, in principle, the responsibility of national authorities and courts to ensure the application of the national laws implementing EC