about the traffic signing systems used in the Member States via an internet website available in all official EU languages; 8. Emphasises the need to harmonise road traffic rules and signs, since, for example, differing priority rules at roundabouts can cause accidents; 9. Since unclear or inconsistent road signs cause unnecessary risks for the road safety and considering the provisions of the Vienna Convention, calls on the Commission to come up with a study on harmonization of road signs in Europe as a means to improve road safety; 10. Calls on the Commission, considering the high number of accidents and deaths at road work zones, to develop common guidelines on the requirements for safe road work zones based on identification and exchange of best practices; 11. Considers that the Commission should promote EU-funded twinning projects between new and old Member States with a view to speeding up positive developments in road safety; 12. Considers that the Commission should encourage the presence of participants from both ‘new’ and ‘old’ Member States in its working parties; 13. Calls on the Commission to evaluate the European Road Safety Charter; 14. Calls on the Commission and the Member States to actively compare and co-ordinate the results achieved in the Member States in the field of road safety so that, by following best practice, they can pass on the benefits of good experience to all Member States and thus hasten positive developments in this area; 15. Calls upon the Commission to recognise the importance of independent pan-European benchmarking assessment programmes in supporting a more uniform application of EU legislation affecting road safety, which stimulates competition among stakeholders responsible for ensuring a safe road environment (i.e. EuroTAP, EuroNCAP); 16. Calls on the Member States to consider introducinga zero alcohol limit for newdrivers and professional commercial vehicle and bus drivers involved in passenger transport and, for example, for transport of hazardous goods; 17. Draws attention to the possibility of laying down minimum active and passive security requirements for all vehicles and harmonising the technical road safety rules throughout the Union; 18. Considers that driving under the influence of drugs is a serious problem which needs to be combated and that the Member States and the Commission should invest more resources in researching and combating such offences; 19. Calls on the Member States to make the use of hands-free mobile telephone systems compulsory for car drivers and professional