Abdullah Ahmed Yusuf, which has aggravated the political impasse in the country, F. whereas insurgents of the Union of Islamic Courts exclude all political contact with the government for as long as the Ethiopian army is present in Somalia; whereas Ethiopia's intervention, which is understood as foreign occupation, is further worsening the conflict and aggravating instability in the region, just like other countries' alleged support to the Union of Islamic Courts, namely Eritrea, G. whereas according to UN Office for the Coordinator of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) – Somalia, about 450,000 people have been displaced by fighting during 2007, bringing the total number of displaced persons in Somalia to more than 850,000 including about 400,000 displaced since the civil year began in the 1990s, H. whereas out of a population of 10 million inhabitants, approximately 1.5 million Somalis need international aid, 1. Strongly condemns the recent fighting in Mogadishu, which resulted in the loss of life of numerous Somali civilians and humanitarian catastrophe, 2. Calls for immediate cessation of hostilities; demands that all warring factions refrain from indiscriminate attacks on civilians and respect International Humanitarian Law, 3. Recalls that the international community and all parties to the present conflict have a responsibility to protect civilians, to allow delivery of aid and to respect humanitarian space and the safety of humanitarian workers; demands therefore that conditions be immediately created for an adequate response to the humanitarian catastrophe in Somalia, 4. Warns that unless strong and quick measures are taken by the international community to stabilise and gradually improve the situation, there is a clear risk of the Somalia conflict growing into a regional war affecting the whole Horn of Africa (PPE-ED); 5. Calls on the Transitional Federal Government (TFG) to engage with key Somali stakeholders in a consultative process leading to the appointment of a new Prime Minister; 6. Urges all Somali stakeholders to renew their efforts towards political dialogue and to remain focused on resuming the process outlined by the Transitional Federal Charter; stresses that successful dialogue and reconciliation is critical to ensuring free and fair elections in 2009 and establishing lasting peace and stability in Somalia, 7. Calls for a cessation of all foreign unilateral military intervention in Somalia, 8. Calls for the strengthening of the role of the civil society in the process of national reconciliation, particularly women; 9. Welcomes efforts by the African Union to assemble a peacekeeping