(7). 2. Member States shall provide the information required for publication on the European e-Justice portal (“the portal”) in accordance with the portal's rules and technical requirements. The Commission shall publish that information on the portal in all the official languages of the Union. Article 3b 1. Electronic copies of the documents and particulars referred to in Article 2 shall also be publicly available through the system of interconnection of registers. 2. Member States shall ensure that those documents and particulars are available through the system of interconnection of registers in a standard message format and accessible by electronic means. Member States shall also ensure that minimum security standards of data transmission are respected. 3. The Commission shall provide a search service in all the official languages of the Union in respect of companies registered in the Member States, in order to make available through the portal: (a) the documents and particulars referred to in Article 2; (b) the explanatory labels, available in all the official languages of the Union, listing those particulars and the types of those documents. Article 3c 1. The fees charged for obtaining the documents and particulars referred to in Article 2 through the system of interconnection of registers shall not exceed the administrative costs thereof. 2. Member States shall ensure that the following particulars are available free of charge through the system of interconnection of registers: (a) the name and legal form of the company; (b) the registered office of the company and the Member State where it is registered; and (c) the registration number of the company. In addition to those particulars, Member States may choose to make further documents and particulars available free of charge. Article 3d 1. The register of the company shall, through the system of interconnection of registers, make available, without delay, the information on the opening and termination of any winding-up or insolvency proceedings of the company and on the striking-off of the company from the register if this entails legal consequences in the Member State of that register. 2. The register of the branch shall, through the system referred to in paragraph 1, ensure receipt, without delay, of the information referred to in paragraph 1. 3. The exchange of information referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be free of charge for the registers. The following Articles are inserted: Article 4a 1. A European central platform (“the