settlement between the parties. Article 13 Service of documents 1. Documents shall be served by postal service attested by an acknowledgement of receipt including the date of receipt. 2. If service in accordance with paragraph 1 is not possible, service may be effected by any of the methods provided for in Articles 13 or 14 of Regulation (EC) No 805/2004. Article 14 Time limits 1. Where the court or tribunal sets a time limit, the party concerned shall be informed of the consequences of not complying with it. 2. The court or tribunal may extend the time limits provided for in Article 4(4), Article 5(3) and (6) and Article 7(1), in exceptional circumstances, if necessary in order to safeguard the rights of the parties. 3. If, in exceptional circumstances, it is not possible for the court or tribunal to respect the time limits provided for in Article 5(2) to (6) and Article 7, it shall take the steps required by those provisions as soon as possible. Article 15 Enforceability of the judgment 1. The judgment shall be enforceable notwithstanding any possible appeal. The provision of a security shall not be required. 2. Article 23 shall also apply in the event that the judgment is to be enforced in the Member State where the judgment was given. Article 16 Costs The unsuccessful party shall bear the costs of the proceedings. However, the court or tribunal shall not award costs to the successful party to the extent that they were unnecessarily incurred or are disproportionate to the claim. Article 17 Appeal 1. Member States shall inform the Commission whether an appeal is available under their procedural law against a judgment given in the European Small Claims Procedure and within what time limit such appeal shall be lodged. The Commission shall make that information publicly available. 2. Article 16 shall apply to any appeal. Article 18 Minimum standards for review of the judgment 1. The defendant shall be entitled to apply for a review of the judgment given in the European Small Claims Procedure before the court or tribunal with jurisdiction of the Member State where the judgment was given where: a) (i) the claim form or the summons to an oral hearing were served by a method without proof of receipt by him personally, as provided for in Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 805/2004; and ii) service was not effected in