Answer given by Mr Frattini on behalf of the Commission (21 February 2008) The Commission is aware of reports regarding trafficking in persons from Central and Eastern Europe for various illicit purposes including begging. The United Kingdom is affected as any other Member State. Generally speaking, the exploitation of migrant workers should be considered trafficking in human beings Council Framework Decision of 19 July 2002 on combating trafficking in human beings (2002/629/JHA), OJ L 203, 1.8.2002; Council Directive 2004/81/EC of 29 April 2004 on the residence permit issued to third-country nationals who are victims of trafficking in human beings or who have been the subject of an action to facilitate illegal immigration, who cooperate with the competent authorities, OJ L 261, 6.8.2004. if all the elements of this crime occur, namely when victims are transferred to the country of destination by means of violence, deceit or abuse, and exploited in prostitution or in any kind of irregular work. In this context, begging should be considered a particular form of irregular work. At present, the Commission does not dispose of reliable and comparable data on the dimension of trafficking in Europe. The Commission has, however, been taking various initiatives to establish a better monitoring system, concerning both the situation of trafficking and the results of anti-trafficking policies. The Commission has recently established a Group of Experts on criminal statistics Commission decision of 7 August 2006 setting up a group of experts on the policy needs for data on crime and criminal justice (2006/581/EC), OJ L 234, 29.8.2006. . A subgroup is now working on the establishment of agreed indicators to assess different forms of trafficking at the European level. This will be the starting point for the establishment of a data collection system which will produce comparable data and assessments on a regular basis. For the time being, in order to collect updated information on the most recent developments of trafficking schemes, the Commission has recently funded two studies aimed at assessing the extent of the phenomenon of trafficking all over Europe. One of the studies concerns trafficking for various forms of exploitation other than sexual exploitation, which includes begging. In order to improve the ability of Member States to evaluate the results of anti-trafficking policies, the Commission presented on the occasion of the Anti-Trafficking Day an Assessment Manual ‘Measuring responses to trafficking in human beings in the European Union: an