combined with the economic input-output tables, supply and use tables and household consumption data that are already reported to the Commission (Eurostat) as part of ESA 95 reporting. SECTION 2 Coverage Air emissions accounts have the same system boundaries as ESA 95 and are also based on the residence principle. In accordance with ESA 95, the concept of residence is based on the following principle: a unit is said to be a resident unit of a country when it has a centre of economic interest in the economic territory of that country, that is, when it engages for an extended period (one year or more) in economic activities in that territory. Air emissions accounts record emissions arising from the activities of all resident units, regardless of where these emissions actually occur geographically. Air emissions accounts record the flows of residual gaseous and particulate materials originating from the national economy and flowing into the atmosphere. For the purpose of this Regulation, the term ‘atmosphere’ refers to a component of the environmental system. The system boundary relates to the borderline between the national economy (as part of the economic system) and the atmosphere (as part of the environmental system). After having crossed the system boundary, the emitted substances are out of any human control and become part of natural materials cycles and may induce several types of environmental impacts. SECTION 3 List of characteristics Member States shall produce statistics on the emissions of the following air pollutants: Name of air emission Symbol of air emission Reporting unit Carbon dioxide without emissions from biomass CO2 1 000 tonnes (Gg) Carbon dioxide from biomass Biomass CO2 1 000 tonnes (Gg) Nitrous oxide N2O tonnes (Mg) Methane CH4 tonnes (Mg) Perfluorocarbons PFCs tonnes (Mg) CO2-equivalents Hydrofluorocarbons HFCs tonnes (Mg) CO2-equivalents Sulphur hexafluoride SF6 tonnes (Mg) CO2-equivalents Nitrogen oxides NOX tonnes (Mg) NO2-equivalents Non-methane volatile organic compounds NMVOCs tonnes (Mg) Carbon monoxide CO tonnes (Mg) Particulate matter < 10 µm PM10 tonnes (Mg) Particulate matter < 2.5 µm PM2.5 tonnes (Mg) Sulphur dioxide SO2 tonnes (Mg) Ammonia NH3 tonnes (Mg) All data shall be reported to one decimal place. SECTION 4 First reference year, frequency and transmission deadlines 1. Statistics shall be compiled and transmitted on a yearly basis. 2. Statistics shall be transmitted within 21 months of the end of the reference year. 2a. In order to meet user needs for complete and timely datasets,