also compile and evaluate an application for setting, modifying, or deleting the MRL in accordance with Article 7. 4. Applications for import tolerances shall be submitted to rapporteur Member States designated pursuant to Directive 91/414/EEC or, if no such rapporteur has been designated, , applications shall be made to Member States designated by the Commission in accordance with procedure referred to in Article 45(2) of this Regulation at the request of the applicant. Such applications shall be made in accordance with Article 7 of this Regulation. Article 7 Requirements relating to applications for MRLs 1. The applicant shall include in an application for an MRL the following particulars and documents: a) the name and address of the applicant; b) a presentation of the application dossier including: i) a summary of the application; ii) the main substantive arguments; iii) an index of the documentation; iv) a copy of the relevant GAP applying to the specific use of that active substance; c) a comprehensive overview of relevant concerns raised in the available scientific literature about the plant protection product and/or its residue ; d) the data listed in Annexes II and III to Directive 91/414/EEC relating to data requirements for the setting of MRLs for pesticides including, where appropriate, toxicological data and data on routine analytical methods for use in control laboratories, as well as plant and animal metabolism data. However, where relevant data are already publicly available, in particular when an active substance has already been evaluated under Directive 91/414/EEC or when a CXL exists and such data are submitted by the applicant, a Member State may also use such information in evaluating an application. In such cases, the evaluation report shall include a justification for using or not using such data. 2. The evaluating Member State may, where appropriate, request the applicant to provide supplementary information in addition to information required under paragraph 1 within a time limit specified by the Member State. In no event may this period exceed two years. Article 8 Evaluation of Applications 1. A Member State to which an application complying with Article 7 is submitted pursuant to Article 6 shall immediately forward a copy to the Authority and the Commission and draw up an evaluation report without undue delay. 2. Applications shall be evaluated in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Uniform Principles for the Evaluation and Authorisation of Plant Protection Products set