Question for written answer E-6662/2010 to the Commission Rule 117 Marta Andreasen (EFD) (17 August 2010) Subject: Charter of Fundamental Rights and property rights in Spain With reference to Article 6 of the Treaty on European Union Article 6, Treaty on European Union: 1. The Union recognises the rights, freedoms and principles set out in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union of 7 December 2000, as adapted at Strasbourg, on 12 December 2007, which shall have the same legal value as the Treaties. The provisions of the Charter shall not extend in any way the competences of the Union as defined in the Treaties.The rights, freedoms and principles in the Charter shall be interpreted in accordance with the general provisions in Title VII of the Charter governing its interpretation and application and with due regard to the explanations referred to in the Charter, that set out the sources of those provisions. 2. The Union shall accede to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms. Such accession shall not affect the Union's competences as defined in the Treaties. 3. Fundamental rights, as guaranteed by the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and as they result from the constitutional traditions common to the Member States, shall constitute general principles of the Union's law. , will the Commission, as guardian of the Treaties, confirm that EU Member States now full parties to the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (notably Article 17.1 thereof Article 17, Charter of Fundamental Rights — Right to property: 1. Everyone has the right to own, use, dispose of and bequeath his or her lawfully acquired possessions. No one may be deprived of his or her possessions, except in the public interest and in the cases and under the conditions provided for by law, subject to fair compensation being paid in good time for their loss. The use of property may be regulated by law in so far as is necessary for the general interest. ) are bound to render null and void any law, or portion of a law, that is in conflict with the Charter, with effect from the date of the Charter’s entry into force as binding EC law, and further to ensure that such laws, or portions of laws, are not cited to justify violations of fundamental rights (including property