States to submit a proposal pursuant to Article 7(2) of the Treaty on European Union; (c) vote on a proposal calling on the Council to act pursuant to Article 7(3) or, subsequently, Article 7(4) of the Treaty on European Union. 2. Any request from the Council for consent in relation to a proposal submitted pursuant to Article 7(1) and (2) of the Treaty on European Union along with the observations submitted by the Member State in question shall be announced to Parliament and referred to the committee responsible in accordance with Rule 81. Except in urgent and justified circumstances, Parliament shall take its decision on a proposal from the committee responsible. 3. Decisions under paragraphs 1 and 2 shall require a two-thirds majority of the votes cast, constituting a majority of Parliament's component Members. 4. Subject to the authorisation of the Conference of Presidents, the committee responsible may submit an accompanying motion for a resolution. That motion for a resolution shall set out Parliament’s views on a serious breach by a Member State, on the appropriate sanctions and on varying or revoking those sanctions. 5. The committee responsible shall ensure that Parliament is fully informed and, where necessary, asked for its views on all follow-up measures to its consent as given pursuant to paragraph 3. The Council shall be invited to outline developments as appropriate. On a proposal from the committee responsible, drawn up with the authorisation of the Conference of Presidents, Parliament may adopt recommendations to the Council. Rule 74f Composition of Parliament In due time before the end of a parliamentary term, Parliament may, on the basis of a report drawn up by its committee responsible in accordance with Rule 41, make a proposal to modify its composition. The European Council’s draft decision establishing the composition of Parliament shall be examined in accordance with Rule 81. Rule 74g Enhanced cooperation between Member States 1. Requests for the introduction of enhanced cooperation between Member States pursuant to Article 20 of the Treaty on European Union shall be referred by the President to the committee responsible for consideration. Rules 37, 38, 39, 43, 53 to 59 and 81 shall apply as appropriate. 2. The committee responsible shall verify compliance with Article 20 of the Treaty on European Union and Articles 326 to 334 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 3. Acts subsequently proposed under enhanced cooperation,