Answer given by Mr Dalli on behalf of the Commission (8 March 2011) 1. At the meeting of the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health of 22 February 2011, the Member States voted in favour of the Commission proposal for providing a technical solution for the Low Level Presence (LLP) of EU unauthorised GMOs in feed for which an EU authorisation procedure is pending or the authorisation of which has expired Draft regulation laying down the methods of sampling and analysis for the official control of feed as regards the presence of genetically modified material for which an authorisation procedure is pending or the authorisation of which has expired. . The Parliament and the Council will have three months to oppose the proposal. On the expiry of that period with no opposition from either the Parliament or the Council, the proposal shall be adopted by the Commission. The objective of this proposal is to harmonise the methods for sampling, analysis and the interpretation of results by official control services of the Member States. It defines the lowest limit at which one can ensure that the controls will be sufficiently robust thereby providing legal certainty. 2. This proposal does not aim to change the ‘zero-tolerance’, but make it more operational. By improving the reliability of testing, traders would have more certainty that consignments tested negative at the place of origin would show negative results also when tested again upon arrival in the EU. This technical solution will, therefore, reduce the risk of shortages in feed supply and subsequent negative impacts on the competitiveness of the EU livestock sector among others. 3 and 4. The draft regulation is applicable to GM feed material that was authorised in the EU but for which the authorisation has not been renewed (and which is therefore no longer on the market), and those for which the EU authorisation procedure is pending for more than three months, provided that it has not been identified by EFSA as susceptible to have adverse effects on the environment, that the reference material is available and that quantitative method requested has been validated and published by the European Union Reference Laboratory. The draft regulation also covers GM materials whose authorisations have expired and for which a quantitative method had been validated and published by the European Union Reference Laboratory. To date, no authorisation of genetically modified organisms has