Answer given by Mr Verheugen on behalf of the Commission (27 May 2008) The Commission wishes to clarify that pharmaceutical companies have the legal obligation to provide regulatory authorities with the results of all clinical trials, both favourable and unfavourable, as part of their application for marketing authorisation Point 5.2, Part I, Annex I to Directive 2001/83/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 6 November 2001 on the Community code relating to medicinal products for human use, OJ L 311, 28.11.2001. . Any new post-authorisation information which might influence the evaluation of the benefits and risks of the medicine concerned must also be submitted Article 23 of Directive 2001/83/EC. . Information about all clinical trials taking place within the EU has to be entered in a European database Article 11 of Directive 2001/20/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 4 April 2001 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to the implementation of good clinical practice in the conduct of clinical trials on medicinal products for human use, OJ L 121, 1.5.2001. See also http://eudract.emea.europa.eu/ . For reasons of confidentiality and protection of patients' anonymity, all data contained in this database cannot be made publicly available. Nevertheless, certain data fields are to be included in the general, publicly accessible European database on medicinal products http://eudrapharm.eu/eudrapharm/selectLanguage.do . The Commission is currently preparing a guideline on the definition of those data fields, in consultation with the Member States and based on the results of a public consultation held in 2005 http://ec.europa.eu/enterprise/pharmaceuticals/pharmacos/archives2005.htm . More broadly, the Commission fully shares the views expressed by the Honourable Member in her second question that transparency and accountability of the pharmaceutical industry, and of the EU regulatory framework on medicines in general, are essential and should be promoted. Several provisions aimed at reinforcing transparency and accountability have been introduced with the last revision of the pharmaceutical legislation adopted in 2004, the implementation of which is ongoing. With the new legislation, national authorities now have the obligation to make publicly available the terms of the marketing authorisations granted, as well as the summary of the product characteristics. They must also make publicly accessible the assessment report, together with the reasons for their opinion, after deletion of any information of a commercially confidential nature. In the case of medicines authorised by the Commission, the European Medicines Agency