anionic surfactants not reacting to the above-mentioned MBAS method, or if it seems more appropriate for reasons of efficiency or precision, appropriate specific instrumental analyses such as high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) or gas chromatography (GC) are to be applied. Samples of the pure surfactant of interest shall be provided by the manufacturer to the competent authorities of the Member States upon request. B. ANALYTICAL METHODS FOR NON-IONIC SURFACTANTS The determination of non-ionic surfactants in the tests shall be done by the Bismuth Active Substance (BiAS) method, according to the analytical procedure established in Annex VIII.3. For those non-ionic surfactants not reacting to the abovementioned BiAS method, or if it seems more appropriate for reasons of efficiency or precision, appropriate specific instrumental analyses such as HPLC or GC are to be applied. Samples of the pure surfactant of interest shall be provided by the manufacturer to the competent authorities of the Member States upon request. C. ANALYTICAL METHODS FOR CATIONIC SURFACTANTS The determination of cationic surfactants in the tests shall be done by the Disulfine Blue Active Substance (DBAS) analysis according to the following DBAS procedures: The method in use in the Federal Republic of Germany, (1989) DIN 38 409 – Ausgabe: 1989-07. For those cationic surfactants not reacting to the abovementioned test method, or if it seems more appropriate for reasons of efficiency or precision (this must be justified), appropriate specific instrumental analyses such as HPLC or GC are to be applied. Samples of the pure surfactant of interest shall be provided by the manufacturer to the competent national authorities of the Member States upon request. D. ANALYTICAL METHODS FOR AMPHOTERIC SURFACTANTS The determination of amphoteric surfactants in the tests shall be done by analysis following the procedures listed below: 1. If cationics absent: The method in use in the Federal Republic of Germany, (1989) DIN 38 409-Teil 20. 2. Otherwise: Orange II method (Boiteux, 1984). For those amphoteric surfactants not reacting to the above-mentioned tests, or if it seems more appropriate for reasons of efficiency or precision (this must be justified), appropriate specific instrumental analyses such as HPLC or GC are to be applied. Samples of the pure surfactant of interest shall be provided by the manufacturer to the competent authorities of the Member States upon request. ANNEX III Ultimate biodegradability (mineralisation) test methods for surfactants in detergents A. The reference method for laboratory testing of surfactant ultimate