comply with the national rules transposing the Directive in the country where there are established. The effect will be to eliminate the barriers stemming from the fragmentation of the rules on unfair commercial practices harming consumer economic interests and enable the achievement of the internal market in this area. The place where a trader is established shall be determined in conformity with any specific provisions in Community law and in conformity with the case law of the Court of Justice of the European Communities . (10) In order to achieve the Community's objectives through the removal of internal market barriers it is necessary to harmonise Member States" existing, divergent general clauses and legal principles. This Directive therefore includes a prohibition of unfair commercial practices distorting consumers" economic behaviour. In order to achieve its consumer protection objective and to support consumer confidence the prohibition applies equally to unfair commercial practices which occur outside any contractual relationship between the trader and the consumer or following the conclusion of a contract and during its execution. The prohibition is elaborated by rules on the two types of commercial practices which are by far the most common, namely misleading commercial practices and aggressive commercial practices. (11) It is desirable that misleading commercial practices cover those practices, including misleading advertising, which by deceiving the consumer prevent him from making an informed and thus efficient choice. It is not the intention of this Directive to reduce consumer choice by disallowing or restricting the promotion of cheaper "lookalike" products except insofar as the consumer needs protection against implicit or explicit attempts to mislead by "passing off". In conformity with the laws and practices of the Member States on misleading advertising, the Directive classifies misleading practices into misleading actions and misleading omissions. In respect of the omissions, the Directive sets out a limited number of key items of information which the consumer needs to make an informed transactional decision. Such information will not have to be disclosed in all advertisements, but only where the trader makes an invitation to purchase, which is a concept clearly defined in the Directive. (12) The commercial practices found in Annex 1 should in all circumstances be regarded as unfair. Member States should transpose Annex 1 in its entirety without modification, deletions or additions. The Commission should regularly report to the European Parliament and Council on the application of the Directive, including Annex 1,