passengers shall receive compensation amounting to: 1. In the case of denied boarding passengers shall receive compensation * amounting to: (a) Euros 750 for flights of less than 3,500 kilometres; (a) Euros 750 (or the equivalent in the currency of that Member State) for flights of less than 3,500 kilometres; (b) Euros 1,500 for flights of 3,500 kilometres or more. (b) Euros 1,500 (or the equivalent in the currency of that Member State for flights of 3,500 kilometres or more. * Such calculations shall be subject to a specific impact assessment in consultation with relevant stakeholders. Justification A specific impact assessment is needed before the amended compensation levels are set.. The airlines' own calculations assert that there is a 400% increase in the levels of compensation offered. As not all EU Member States are members of the Eurozone, air passengers entitled to compensation should be able to receive it in the national currency of the country in which they are situated. Amendment 11 Article 7 (2) 2. When passengers accept re-routing to their final destination on an alternative flight pursuant to Article 8, the arrival time of which does not exceed the scheduled arrival time of the flight originally booked by two hours for flights of less than 3,500 kilometres, and by four hours for flights of 3,500 kilometres or more, an air carrier or tour operator may reduce the compensation provided for in paragraph 1 by 50%. 2. When passengers accept re-routing to their final destination on an alternative flight pursuant to Article 8, the actual arrival time of which does not exceed the scheduled arrival time of the flight originally booked by two hours for flights of less than 3,500 kilometres, and by four hours for flights of 3,500 kilometres or more, an air carrier or tour operator may reduce the compensation provided for in paragraph 1 by 50%. Justification The arrival time should be the actual time that the flight lands at the airport of destination, not its scheduled arrival time. Amendment 12 Article 7 (4 a) (new) Every three years, the Commission acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 11 of Council Regulation (EEC) No 2408/92, may adjust the amounts referred to in paragraph 1 where that is made necessary by economic trends. Justification It is necessary to reintroduce an amendment adopted by the European Parliament in response to the 1998 proposed revision