The Week Ahead 29 October to 4 November 2007 2007-10-25 - 18:17 Constituency Week Visit to Algeria. The President of the European Parliament, Hans-Gert Pöttering, makes an official visit to Algeria, where he will meet President Abdelaziz Bouteflika and other senior figures (up to Wednesday). Citizens' forum . As part of the debate on the future of Europe, two citizens' fora are being held, one in Bialystok (Poland), the other in Daugavpils (Latvia). Members of the European Parliament will take part in both (Monday and Tuesday) . Agora. EP Vice-President Gérard Onesta will present to the press the "Agoras", a series of meetings of around 500 members of civil society intended to broaden the debate on the future of Europe. This first meeting takes place on 8 and 9 November at the EP in Brussels (Tuesday). Constituency week . The week of 29 October is reserved for MEPs to work in their constituencies. There will thus be no official meetings at the EP in Brussels. 2007-10-29 The President's diary . Official visit to Algeria 8.30 Meeting with Abdelkader BENSALAH, Speaker of the Council of the Nation 9.00 Meeting with leaders of parliamentary groups of political formations represented in the Council of the Nation 10.40 Discussion with the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Council of the Nation, enlarged to include other Members 14.30 Meeting with Abdelaziz ZIARI, Speaker of the National Assembly 15.00 Meeting with leaders of parliamentary groups of political formations represented in the National Assembly 16.40 Discussion with the Foreign Affairs Committee of the National Assembly, enlarged to include other Members 18.15 Meetings with civil society 08:30 19:15 Algiers (Algeria) Delegations Delegation for Relations with Korea Directly after participating in the 3rd EU-North Korean Economic Workshop in Pyongyang last week, the Chair of the EP's Delegation for Relations with the Korean Peninsula Hubert Pirker (EPP-ED, AT) and Glyn Ford (PES, UK) will join 4 other Members (Astrid Lulling (EPP-ED, LU), Petya Stavreva (EPP-ED, BG), David Martin (PES, UK) and Philip Claeys (ITS, BE)) for a visit to South Korea, where they will meet with lawmakers and government officials. 08:00 19:00 South Korea (Seoul) Delegation for relations with Israël The EP's Delegation for Relations with Israel will visit Israel from 28 October - 3 November, to attend the 32nd EP-Israel Interparliamentary Meeting. MEPs will meet with Knesset Members, including the Speaker, Dalia Itzik, as well as meeting Foreign Minister Tzipi