an Interinstitutional Agreement laying down uniform minimum rules for consultation for all institutions. The draft resolution adds that there is a need for greater institutionalisation of the social dialogue and consultation of the two sides of industry. While recognising the added value of experts as a source of information during the legislative process, the committee expresses a " decided preference for parliamentary democracy over a democracy of experts ". The Commission is therefore urged to publish the evidence and the way it is used in the legislative process so that Parliament could be informed about how fundamental policy choices were made. MEPs in the committee also reiterate their previous calls for the Commission to attach to each legislative proposal or policy paper a list of all committees, experts, associations, organisations, institutions and other parties consulted for the purpose of drafting those documents. They further recommend that the Commission should maintain constant dialogue with representatives of local and regional authorities during the preparatory stage, as this would increase the practicability and acceptance of legislation at an early stage by those who had direct experience of the ultimate implementation and handling of EU policies and rules. Moreover, it should become a standard requirement for the Commission to consult representatives of the relevant European organisations at an early stage when it submits initiatives. Lastly, the committee says that the EU's international representation should be revised so that in the near future the Union could be represented by a seat of its own in international organisations. It also expresses the hope that, as proposed in the draft constitution, a reinforced EU would also be able in future, through a common European diplomatic service headed by its foreign minister, to represent the principles of better global governance on the international stage. Contracts and tripartite agreements - EU, States and regions and localities Sir Neil MacCORMICK (Greens/EFA, Scotland) Report on the Communication from the Commission entitled ‘A framework for target-based tripartite contracts and agreements between the Community, the States and regional and local authorities’ ( COM(2002) 709 – 2003/2088(INI)) Doc.: A5-0401/2003 Procedure : Own-initiative report Debate : 03.12.2003 Sir Neil MacCORMICK (Greens/EFA, Scotland), for the Constitutional Affairs Committee, will be tabling a draft own-initiative resolution drawn up by in response to the Commission paper on tripartite contracts and agreements between the Community, the States and regional and local authorities. MEPs urge the Commission to press ahead