with any accuracy the volume of EU trade hampered by foreign market restrictions, it seems clear that trade barriers have a significant impact on overall EU export performance, N. whereas the European Union's economic presence is generally stronger in industrialised countries where demand is static but significantly weaker in rapidly growing areas and in emerging markets such as China and India, O. whereas the European Union is generally considered to be a very open and transparent market which tackles anti-competitive behaviours seriously and guarantees fair conditions to all imports irrespective of their origin, P. whereas high tariffs still constitute a significant obstacle to trade, especially in relations with major emerging countries, Q. whereas the WTO is the only effective forum for securing market access and achieving fair and equitable trade globally; whereas the projection of the European governance model should contribute to the further development of suitable, fair rules and ensure a more stable and more comprehensive regulatory system for world trade, R. whereas it is in the Commission's general interest to ensure that the commercial legislation and practices adopted by its partners comply as far as possible with WTO and other international rules, S. whereas obstacles to trade and behind-the-border barriers not only damage trade in goods but also significantly affect trade in services and public procurement , T. whereas solving problems and being more effective in the defence of industry's legitimate interests and expectations would also be beneficial for the European Union in terms of visibility and credibility, U. whereas meeting the objectives of the revised Lisbon Agenda requires industries in the European Union to develop and sustain stable competitive positions in the global market, V. whereas this competitiveness, especially for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), increasingly relies on research, development, innovation and IPRs, W. whereas two prerequisites of this competitiveness are a safe and secure energy supply on the one hand, and unimpeded access for EU businesses to state-of-the-art information and communication technologies on the other hand, General overview 1. Stresses that the successful implementation of a revised, more ambitious market access strategy, intended to open new world markets to EU products and services, is likely not only to expand the European Union's global role, but also to protect existing jobs and create new jobs in Europe, enhance the European Union's competitiveness and thus substantially contribute to the achievement of the objectives of the Lisbon Strategy; 2.