that the Greek Presidency would dedicate the necessary resources to the area. It was then the turn of Commissioner Chris PATTEN to outline the successes of the international community and indeed the European Union in bringing about change and improvements to the situation in Afghanistan last year. A new government led by Hamid Karzai had been set up, a new currency had been established and the process of recovery was well underway. He had no doubt that the speed with which the aid programme had been delivered was remarkable through, for example, establishing some 238 health clinics and 450 primary schools. Furthermore, there had been great progress in clearing land mines and international help had enabled some 1.8m refugees to return to the country. In all, the EU contribution amounted to €230-240m over the year as part of the EU's €1bn share of the $1.8bn in international aid pledged over a five-year period. Nevertheless, he took the view that future developments were at a crucial phase and, as he put it, there was only a "limited" window of opportunity. He pinpointed several potential dangers such as the lack of a comprehensive system to guarantee internal security and threats posed to aid workers, worrying signs on the human rights front, particularly with regard to respect for women and minorities and a long term concern regarding the co-ordination of various aid programmes by different international donors. On the positive side, he recognised the aim of the new Afghan government to establish a new army and its intention to maintain "friendly" relations with its neighbours, but another worrying sign was the increase in poppy reduction and the implications for the drug trade and indeed crime and terrorism in the region as a whole. For the future, he looked forward to the elections scheduled for the middle of next year and, in this context, a successful transition to democracy depended on the effective establishment of an independent human rights commission and indeed putting in place a new constitution guaranteeing equal rights for all. The Commissioner concluded by reminding MEPs of the long term programme needed to establish the country on a firm footing, especially with regard to putting in place a workable education and health system. Warning against complacency, he looked forward to support from the House for future action. For the EPP/ED, Philippe MORILLON (F) sought to reassure both the Council and the