will double from 25.4% (2008) to 53.5% (2060). - Between 2007 and 2020, the working population will increase by 3.7% due to the growing number of women on the labour market. After 2020 the working population will fall by 13.6%. - In 2008 there were 4 people in employment for every pensioner. In 2020 the corresponding figure will be 5 people in employment for every pensioner. In 2060 the corresponding figure will be 2 people in employment for every pensioner. - Participation in employment (between the ages of 15 and 64) will rise from 70.6% (2007) to 74.1% (2060). - In 2010 the average age at which people stop work in the EU is 61.4. By 2060, average public expenditure relating to the ageing of the population will have risen to 4.75% of GNP and average public expenditure on pensions to 2.4% of GNP. The financial and economic crisis, combined with demographic changes, will have an impact on pension systems. Because of higher unemployment, slower growth, smaller returns on investment and larger public deficits, it will be more difficult for pension systems to provide adequate pensions or in some cases to honour agreements. In most Member States, today’s pensioners have not yet suffered on account of the crisis, while in some Member States cuts in public expenditure have included cuts in pensions. In reforming their pension systems, many Member States have chosen to make cuts in the first pillar. Financial sustainability is important, but account must also be taken of the need to provide an adequate income. Keeping budgets sustainable and pension systems adequate are not conflicting objectives, but two sides of the same coin. Genuine sustainability cannot be achieved without ensuring that pensions are adequate. If pension systems are not adequate, this may lead to a decline in consumption and, because of reduced demand, to economic instability and hence financial problems. It may also put severe pressure on public expenditure on other forms of social security. II. Responsibilities Responsibility for a sustainable pension system and an adequate pension is shared between government, the two sides of industry and the individual. The first pillar is based on solidarity among taxpayers. In most cases, it is a public pillar, financed by government using a pay-as-you-go system. The second pillar is a shared responsibility of employers and employees, based on joint contributions governed by a legal framework established by the government and