are Cape Verde and Nigeria. Cape Verde will continue to benefit from the EBA regime for another 3 years, while Nigeria benefits from the regular EU Generalised System of Preferences. As Chairman Mohamed Ibn Chambas said during the 61st Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Council of Ministers in Burkina Faso, the consolidation of the regional integration process in West Africa is a necessity, not the least against the background of the global financial crisis. The West African region aims to finalise its common market access offer for goods early 2009. The commitment of the EU to the regional growth and economic integration of West-Africa, lays in the EPA's. It has been translated already in the financial commitment of nearly 600 million euro to the member states of the ECOWAS States. No less than 70 % of the amount is meant for deepening regional integration, as well as improving the competitiveness of the EPA, while 20 % is for the consolidation of good governance and regional stability. When the full EPA will be signed and is accompanied by financial aid to help build up capacity to trade, the rapporteur believes this EPA will have a substantial positive effect on the region of West Africa. Removing global barriers to trade is the acknowledged manner to foster prosperity in developing countries, as well as regional integration. Finally, the rapporteur underlines that the Commission as well as the Council of the European Union have stated repeatedly that mechanisms for monitoring and reviewing the implementation and development impacts will be a key part of the EPA's. ****** Conclusion The Committee on Development calls on the Committee on International Trade, as the committee responsible, to propose that Parliament gives its assent subject to ratification by Republic of Côte d'Ivoire of the stepping stone Economic Partnership Agreement between the European Community and Republic of Côte d'Ivoire. PROCEDURE Title Stepping-stone Economic Partnership Agreement between the EC and Côte d’Ivoire References 05535/2009 – C6-0064/2009 – COM(2008)0439 – 2008/0136(AVC) Date of request for Parliament’s assent 17.2.2009 Committee responsible INTA Opinion by Date announced in plenary DEVE 19.2.2009 Associated committee(s) - date announced in plenary 19.2.2009 Rapporteur Date appointed Johan Van Hecke 15.7.2008 Date adopted 9.3.2009 Result of final vote +: –: 0: 12 8 Members present for the final vote Margrete Auken, Thijs Berman, Thierry Cornillet, Nirj Deva, Beniamino Donnici, Alain Hutchinson, Romana Jordan Cizelj, Madeleine Jouye de Grandmaison, Maria