Answer given by Mrs Vassiliou on behalf of the Commission (16 March 2010) The Commission's 2006 Communication ‘Delivering on the modernisation agenda for universities: education, research and innovation’ COM(2006)208 final. http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=COM:2006:0208:FIN:EN:PDF and the 2007 Council Resolution ‘Modernising Universities for Europe's competitiveness in a global knowledge economy’ http://register.consilium.europa.eu/pdf/en/07/st16/st16096-re01.en07.pdf set out the challenges facing Europe's universities today. European universities need to diversify more, on the basis of their strengths. Europe's universities have a good average level, but not enough world-class research has been generated. All institutions share certain common values and tasks, but not all need the same balance between education and research or the same mix of services and academic disciplines. The diverse missions and performances of Europe's universities should be made transparent to all stakeholders. More transparency will make it easier for students to make an informed choice on where and what to study. More transparency would also serve university management and policymakers at all levels. For these reasons the Commission supports a series of transparency initiatives in higher education (like the project on ‘mapping diversity of university profiles’ and the ‘University Data Collection project’), which could all feed into an alternative, more sophisticated approach to evaluating the performance of universities. Traditional rankings have a tendency to focus on research in hard sciences and ignore the performance of universities in other areas like teaching quality, innovation, internationalisation and community outreach. The aim of the feasibility study on ‘the design and testing of a multi-dimensional global ranking’, focusing on the pilot sectors of engineering and business studies, is to address these shortcomings of existing rankings. This will be achieved by developing a transparency instrument which looks both at institutional and programme level, which takes into account the diversity of higher education institutions (not only research) and which will create a model where users can select their own priorities and construct a tailor-made ‘personal ranking’. Following a call for tender, the Commission selected the CHERPA Consortium for Higher Education and Research Performance Assessment. consortium, led by the Centre for Higher Education Policies of the Twente University (NL) and the Centrum für Hochschulentwicklung (DE) to carry out the feasibility study. The project started in May 2009 and will run for two years until May 2011. The budget for the study is approximately EUR1.1 million. This project also benefits from the recently published report of a Commission established expert group on assessing Europe's University