UK winners of the inaugural European Parliament Prize for Journalism go forward Institutions United Kingdom 2008-07-01 - 15:34 UK winners of the EP prize for journalism go forward The four UK winners for the European Parliament Prize for Journalism have been selected and will now go forward to compete for the overall €5,000 prizes against entries from other EU Member States. The winner in the TV category was BBC Record Europe; for radio, BBC Radio 4's Crossing Continents; for the internet, an online news service for business - Chemical Watch; and in the written press category, Aimee Turner of Flight International magazine for her articles on aviation and climate change. The European Parliament Prize for Journalism was launched in March 2008. Entries in this first year of operation had to have been published or broadcast between May 2007 and May 2008. The overall winner in each of the four categories (TV, radio, internet, written press) has to have made an outstanding contribution to clarifying major issues at European level or have promoted a better understanding of EU institutions or policies. Over 280 entries were received across the EU. Television In the TV category, the UK winner was BBC Record Europe. This half-hour weekly programme is broadcast on the BBC News Channel (formerly News 24) and on BBC World. It is presented by Shirin Wheeler and produced by Lucy Thomas, both based in the BBC's Brussels bureau. The UK judging panel nominated Record Europe for its authoritative, but accessible way of presenting a wide range of major issues at EU level. Over the period May 2007 to May 2008, the programme dealt with issues as diverse as the Lisbon Treaty, aviation emissions, gay rights and CIA rendition flights. It also ensures a balanced presentation of the arguments and interviews experts from the UK and beyond. Its programme from 16 March 2008, for example, featured in-depth interviews with UK, Dutch, German, Danish and Swedish MEPs on the EU accounts, on MEP allowances and assistants, and on the issue of Turkey's application to join the EU. It also ran in-brief news items on the Galileo satellite-navigation system, organ donations, visa-free travel to the USA and the European Ombudsman. Radio BBC Radio 4's Crossing Continents programme was nominated for the radio prize. Its 'Pills for Profit' programme dealt with the parallel drugs trade in the EU - it was a co-production with the consumer