may be provided. The authorisation may also include requirements relating to the social protection of the workers concerned. Member States shall regulate measures concerning social protection and the protection of employment and the applicable collective agreements on wages . Amendment 22 Article 6, paragraph 3 3. Where the required professional qualifications include specific local knowledge or experience with local conditions, the competent authority must provide adequate training for applicant service providers. 3. Where the required professional qualifications include specific local knowledge or experience with local conditions, Member States shall regulate access to the occupation, and the certificates of competency to be acquired by examination. Amendment 23 Article 6, paragraph 4 4. Criteria referred to in paragraph (2) shall be made public and providers of port services shall be informed in advance of the procedure for obtaining the authorisation. This requirement applies equally to an authorisation linking the provision of service to an investment into immobile assets which will revert to the port upon expiry of the authorisation. 4. Criteria referred to in paragraph 2 shall be made public and providers of port services shall be informed in advance of the procedure for obtaining the authorisation. This requirement shall also apply to an authorisation linking the provision of service to an investment in immovable assets which will revert to the competent authority upon expiry of the authorisation. Amendment 24 Article 6, paragraph 5 5. The provider of port services has the right to employ personnel of his own choice to carry out the service covered by the authorisation. 5. The provider of port services may employ personnel of his own choice to carry out the service covered by the authorisation provided he complies with the rules laid down by the Member State in which he is providing the services and takes due account also of the specific nature of port work . Amendment 44 Article 7, paragraph 1, introductory clause 1. Member States may only limit the number of providers of port services for reasons of constraints relating to available space or capacity or , for technical-nautical services, to maritime traffic-related safety. The competent authority must: 1. Member States may only limit the number of providers of port services for reasons of constraints relating to available space or capacity, to the safety of shipping in the port and the adjacent waters, to safe landing, and to compliance with local, national or