regards the fisheries sector, has been drawn up in a spirit of continuity with the past. Whereas, in general terms, the proposal is well structured, it is necessary to underline that the Commission should take into account the consequences of the last and the next European Enlargement, whose impact produces socio-economic effects on activities related to fisheries. SUGGESTIONS The Committee on Fisheries calls on the Committee on Budgets, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: 1. Stresses the need for providing further support in the fisheries sector to face the challenge of a European Union of 27 Member States in 2007. Several actions should be established: a) to support the rebuilding of the fishing industry in the new Member States; b) to further strengthen the European position of the new Member States in the fisheries sector; 2. Believes that it is a priority to invest in environmentally-friendly fishing, both for the adoption of new and more highly developed technical methods; focussing on the reduction of by catch and the elimination of discards in the fishery sector; 3. Feels that economic aid is important to compensate the socio-economic consequences for people whose live depends on fishing activity falling within the scope of measures reducing fishery effort; 4. Believes, in addition, that the budget should take greater account of remote regions, in particular the outermost regions, and should also include a larger amount for the implementation of control instruments which are necessary to guarantee the respect of financial rules; 5. Underlines that the budget should support the development of Regional Advisory Councils which represent the main forum of discussion for scientists and fishermen in order to achieve a sustainable Common Fisheries Policy; 6. Strongly believes that better control methods should be implemented in the budget to ensure their transparency and to diminish irregular and fraudulent spending of EU-funds; 7. Stresses the need to promote research through a more consistent allocation of appropriations. PROCEDURE Title draft general budget of the European Union for the financial year 2006 - Section III - Commission References 2005/2001(BUD) Committee responsible BUDG Committee asked for an opinion Date announced in plenary PECH Reinforced cooperation Draftsman Date appointed Jan Mulder 30.3.2005 Discussed in committee 24.5.2005 11.7.2005 29.8.2005 Date adopted 14.9.05 Result of final vote For: Against: Abstentions: 25 0 0 Members present for the final vote Stavros Arnaoutakis, Elspeth Attwooll, Marie-Hélène