can allow larger savings in other tiers of government. In particular, if the Agency can use its existing systems to contribute to additional policy objectives, with a modest increase in resources, the net effect will be to reduce European public expenditure as national administrations will be freed from these tasks. Amendment 7 Proposal for a regulation Recital 3 c (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3c) In order to fulfil properly the new tasks entrusted to the Agency under this Regulation, an increase is needed in it ’s resources – albeit a limited one in its resources is needed. This will require special attention is during the budgetary procedure. Justification At a time of serious economic crisis, a limited investment in the Agency’s resources may be needed, bearing in mind that the new tasks entrusted to it will enable savings to be made at national level Amendment 8 Proposal for a regulation Recital 4 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment ( 4a ) Appointments to the Administrative Board should take full account of the importance of ensuring balanced gender representation. The election of the Chair and Vice Chair should also pursue this objective as should the choice of representatives from third countries. Amendment 9 Proposal for a regulation Recital 5 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (5) The Agency should act in the interest of the Union. This should include that the Agency may act outside the territory of the EU in its fields of competence. (5) The Agency should act in the interest of the Union and follow Commission guidelines . This should include that the Agency may act outside the territory of the EU in its fields of competence , promoting the Union 's maritime safety policy by means of scientific and technical cooperation with third countries. Justification The Agency carries out its task on behalf of the Commission, which authorises the application of Community laws and principles. In this way, the Agency assists the Commission and the Member States in their technical and operational tasks whenever they require its assistance, The Agency has not been given powers to create competencies. Amendment 10 Proposal for a regulation Recital 5 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (5a) The Agency should bring additional, cos t-effective measures to support the response to marine pollution, including any pollution from offshore oil and gas installations, at the request