group, also stressed the lack of improvement in the situation of women in Afghanistan. He called for an extension to the mandate of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan as warlords were beginning to gain strength in remote areas of the country once more. For the UEN group, Cristiana MUSCARDINI (UEN, I) welcomed progress made by President Karzai's administration, including the establishment of governmental institutions. She was also pleased to see the return of refugees to Afghanistan. EU funds, she remarked, had not been fully taken up and she said that the EU should continue to assist the Afghan administration in finding alternatives to the opium poppy trade. Gianfranco DELL'ALBA (I), a non-attached Member, pointed out that Afghanistan had recently signed the treaty setting up the International Criminal Court and regards this as a symbol of Afghanistan's desire to join the International Community. Eurig WYN (Greens/EFA, Wales) cautioned that outside Kabul many of the Afghan regions were under the control of warlords. He also recalled the situation of the 600 prisoners in Guantanamo Bay held without trial or charge. Mr Wyn also contended that US forces had witnessed a massacre of up to 3000 Taliban forces and had not prevented it from taking place. He welcomed a UN investigation into this matter. Niall ANDREWS (UEN, Dublin), on the other hand, took the view that the situation had hardly changed in Afghanistan with the warlords maintaining an iron grip in the country outside of Kabul and women's rights severely restricted. Furthermore, while he could support the US action to track down Al-Quaida, he feared that the real US strategy was to seek access to oil from both the Caspian Sea and in Iraq. Pointing out that opinion polls in the UK showed strong opposition to Britain entering into war against Iraq without further approval from the Security Council, he had no doubt that these views would be ignored, not just by British leaders but by Europeans who would later fall into line with US policy. So much for democracy, he concluded. Drawing attention to the wide number of conflicts facing the international community from the Balkans to Iraq and Afghanistan, Geoffrey VAN ORDEN (EPP-ED, Eastern) concentrated on the need for European countries to increase military budgets to enable a more effective contribution to be made here. He then welcomed the recent EU agreement to a plan for Afghan refugees