b) upon registering, each producer provide the information set out in Annex X part A, undertaking to update it as appropriate; c) each producer or, in the case of producers as defined in Article 3(1)(f)(iv), each legal representative provide the information set out in Annex X part B. c) each producer provide the information set out in Annex X part B. The national registers shall be inter-operational, so that the information mentioned in this paragraph can be exchanged between Member States . Justification To reduce existing barriers to the operation of the internal market, single registration should be sufficient when the product is placed on the internal market for the first time. This can be done by the producer or his legal representative [cf. amendment to Article 16 (2a) (new)]. As the registers should exchange the necessary information with each other, they need to be inter-operational. Amendment 64 Council position Article 16 – paragraph 2 a (new) Council position Amendment 2a . Each Member State shall ensure that a producer, as defined in points (i) to (iii) of Article 3 (1)(f), that places EEE on its market but is not resident on its territory is able to appoint a local legal representative resident in that Member State to be responsible for its obligations under this Directive. Article 17 shall apply to producers as defined in Article 3 (1)(f)(iv). Justification The requirement that producers should be legally domiciled in those Member States where they intend to place EEE on the market constitutes an impediment to the internal market and is particularly burdensome for SMEs. For the purposes of enforcement of the directive at Member State level, it is sufficient that a resident agent should be available to assume the producer’s obligations under it. Amendment 65 Council position Article 16 – paragraph 4 Council position Amendment 4. Member States shall collect information, including substantiated estimates, on an annual basis, on the quantities and categories of EEE placed on their markets, collected through all routes, prepared for re-use, recycled and recovered within the Member State, and on separately collected WEEE exported, by weight. 4. Member States shall collect information, including substantiated estimates, on an annual basis, on the quantities and categories of EEE placed on their markets, collected through all routes and by any actor including companies , organisations and any other entities involved in separate collection and handling of used EEE, prepared