Answer given by Mrs Fischer Boel on behalf of the Commission (30 October 2006) Table 1 which will be sent directly to the Honourable Member and to Parliament's Secretariat provides figures on EU‑25 (European Union) exports of agricultural (agri)-food products World Trade Organisation (WTO) definition of agricultural products: Chapters 1 to 24 of the combined nomenclature (CN), less fish, plus some agricultural products outside these chapters. to developing countries Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) definition of developing countries. . The definition of agricultural products encompasses both food and non-food products. The top five chapters for EU exports cover food products: beverages, dairy products, industrial fatty acids/alcohol, preparations of cereals as well as bulk cereals. These chapters account for more than half of the value of total EU agricultural exports to developing countries, the latter being worth around EUR 22 billion a year. Developing countries account for less than half (40 %) of total EU exports of agricultural products. Table 2 which will be sent directly to the Honourable Member and to Parliament's Secretariat identifies the top‑15 partners among developing countries. It should be noted that the definition of developing countries encompasses a wide set of countries with significant differences, for instance in terms of income. Among the top‑five partners for EU agri-food exports, some are classified as high-income economies, others as lower-middle-income economies According to World Bank Classification. . EU‑25 agri-food exports to developing countries are lower than the corresponding imports. Therefore the EU‑25 is a net importer of agri-food products from developing countries. It is also worth recalling that the EU is the biggest importer of agri-food products from developing countries. Its imports are higher than those of the United States (US), Japan, Canada, Australia and New Zealand considered together. Additional information on EU trade with selected groups of developing countries can be found on the Internet site of Directorate-General for Agriculture and Rural Development (DG AGRI): http://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/agrista/tradestats/index_graph.htm#part5 As regards export subsidies, the provisions laid down in the individual common market organisation for the products in questions provide for the basis on which the EC provide export subsidies. For milk and milk products, for example, these are laid down in Council Regulation (EC) No 1255/1999 of 17 May 1999 on the common market organisation of the market in milk and milk products OJ L 160, 26.6.1999. . The procedures for exports with a claim to refunds are provided in