Answer given by Mr Andor on behalf of the Commission (13 July 2011) In its communication on an Agenda for New Skills and Jobs COM(2010)682 final. , the Commission proposed that one way to strengthen flexicurity could involve reforming unemployment benefit to make it easier to adjust the rate of benefit and the beneficiaries entitled to it over the business cycle. Subsequently, the 2011 Joint Employment Report, which is based on the Commission's assessment of the Member States' draft national reform programmes and is agreed jointly by the Commission and the Member States, states that, where relevant, unemployment and other employment-related benefit systems may need to be sufficiently flexible for benefits to be adjusted easily to fluctuations in the cycle. The idea behind such policy statements is that benefit systems should have the resources available when they are needed, as has been the case in recent years, and money could be saved in better times. Linking unemployment benefit to the business cycle would strengthen the role of benefit systems as economic stabilisers by giving priority to income insurance and the need for stabilisation as opposed to job-search needs during downturns and reversing this in upturns. This should help improve public finances and safeguard the existence of unemployment benefit systems in the future. For instance, temporary measures adopted during the economic crisis to expand the group of those entitled to benefits and to extend the duration of unemployment insurance should be reviewed as the recovery stabilises and more jobs become available. A review of benefits would help improve the financial incentive to take up work. This will need to be combined with measures to promote the uptake of training and other activation measures and make sure that those out of work receive adequate benefit. The Commission's specific views on the Greek unemployment benefit system are set out in the International Monetary Fund (IMF)/European Central Bank (ECB)/EU agreement with Greece.