also necessitate a fundamental redrawing of the objectives of the Common Agricultural Policy, however: Part III, Article III-123 is outdated and no longer serves a readily explainable purpose. Today, the EU farming industry provides employment for 10 million people. It represents the only guarantee for sustainable rural development and is part of the fabric of rural life. Today, the CAP stands for the market-oriented, environmentally-friendly, low-resource-impact and socially-sustainable production of high-quality foodstuffs in accordance with internationally fair conditions. The CAP takes account of animal protection requirements and takes measures to prevent animal disease epidemics. Your draftsman takes the view that the draft Constitution in its current form will not produce a CAP which is acceptable to society. Instead, as the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development has already urged in its opinion on the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe, Parliament should do everything in its power to make the public understand the significance of the Common Agricultural Policy, the advances it has brought about and the benefits it offers consumers. SUGGESTIONS The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development asks the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: 1. Takes the view that the common agricultural policy (CAP) must contribute to achieving the Lisbon Strategy objectives in particular boosting employment, research and technology, so as to help make the European economy more competitive and productive, 2. Regrets, that under the present Treaty the codecision procedure does not apply to the common agricultural policy (CAP) and calls, as part of a future (deletion) treaty, for the codecision procedure to be extended as a matter of priority to the CAP, particularly in order to fill the gaps in the proposed Constitutional Treaty (Articles III-230(2) and III-231(3); 3. Regrets the fact that decisions can now be taken without Parliament's involvement on matters previously covered by the consultation procedure; regards this as counterproductive in the light of the doubts voiced by broad sections of the European public concerning the draft Constitution and the calls for a reduction in the democratic deficit; 4. Points out that the objectives of the Common Agricultural Policy laid down in Article III‑227 run counter to the objectives of the European Union set out in Article I-3; for this reason, regards it as essential that the objectives of the Common Agricultural Policy should be updated with a view to