the mobility performance as regards both students (86 000 Erasmus students in the 1997/98 academic year, approximately 1% of all students enrolled in higher education, and 97 041 in 1999/2000 within the EU/EEA) and teachers (7 000 teachers in the 1998/99 academic year and 9 837 in 1999/2000 within the EU/EEA). In addition, however, the Socrates programme has provided a basis for the specific measures that are so vital if convergence is to be achieved, for example: - the European Credit Transfer System (ECTS). This system for assigning and transferring credits, used by over 5 000 faculties or departments, enables study periods completed by Erasmus students outside their countries of origin (though not their qualifications) to be recognised more easily. - ‘TUNING Educational Structures in Europe’ , a pilot project in which some 70 European universities are taking part, aims to establish a methodology to allow further Europe-wide harmonisation of educational structures in five specific disciplines (mathematics, geology, business studies, history, and education science). The welcome given to the project and the speed with which agreements have been concluded show that if the Council and Commission lend their resolute support, swift and smooth progress can be made towards convergence in many branches of knowledge. - The ENQA network (European Network for Quality Assurance in Higher Education) : this European network, set up in accordance with the Council Recommendation on European cooperation Council Recommendation 98/561/EC of 24 September 1998. and the aims of the Bologna Process, is intended to disseminate information, experience, good practice, and quality assessment and assurance systems among the parties involved, namely public authorities, higher education institutions, and quality assessment agencies. In spite of the efforts undertaken, it can nevertheless be said that mutual recognition of qualifications is proceeding on a very modest scale, Erasmus student mobility extends to no more than 1% of the student population, and the European higher education area is still a dream. It has proved impossible to break through the inertia of the system whereby university models remain cloistered in a form of autonomy that poses difficulties to exchanges, impedes mobility, and often rewards inbreeding. To that extent, administrative machinery and the teaching and research career structure deter those seeking to map out an open future driven by cooperation in a Europe without frontiers. 4. The Bologna Process: convergence proposals and need for a flexible system The Community programmes that operate directly or