Public order, domestic security and public health Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 41 Article 6, paragraph 1 Does not affect the English version. Justification Amendment 42 Article 6, paragraph 2 2. Member States may withdraw or refuse to renew a family member 's residence permit on grounds of public policy or domestic security. 2. Member States may withdraw or refuse to renew one or more family member s' residence permit on grounds of public policy or domestic security. Justification The situation regulated in the proposal for a directive is not confined to reunification with one single member of the family. Amendment 43 Article 6, paragraph 3 3. The grounds of public policy or domestic security must be based exclusively on the personal conduct of the family member concerned. 3. The grounds of public policy or domestic security must be based exclusively on the personal conduct of the family member (s) concerned. Justification The addition is a preventive measure, even if there is no longer any dangerous or criminal conduct involved. Amendment 44 Article 6, paragraph 4 4. Renewal of the residence permit may not be withheld and removal from the territory may not be ordered by the competent authority of the Member State concerned on the sole ground of illness or disability suffered after the issue of the residence permit. 4. Renewal of the residence permit may not be withheld and removal from the territory may not be ordered by the competent authority of the Member State concerned on the ground of illness or disability suffered after the issue of the residence permit. Justification Amendment 45 Article 7, title Article 7 Article 7 Requirements concerning accommodation, sickness insurance and material resources Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 46 Article 8, title Article 8 Article 8 Length of residence Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 47 Article 8, paragraph 1 The Member States may require the applicant to have stayed lawfully in their territory for a period not exceeding two years , before having his family members join him. The Member States may require the applicant to have stayed lawfully in their territory for a continuous period not exceeding one year , before having his family members join him. Justification A period of two years is excessive and should be reduced to a maximum of