for Structural and Cohesion Funds to reinforce the provisions related to relocation of enterprises. The time-span required to maintain a productive investment has been extended. To retain support from the Funds, undertakings shall maintain their productive investment within a seven-year period following the date of the decision granting the Funds' support. More importantly, unlike the current period, the Commission has proposed that those firms that have to reimburse funds as a result of a change of location within a Member State or between Member States will not be entitled to receive support from the Funds in future (this provision will be subject to detailed discussion at Council level). With regard to the legal framework, several Community directives lay down procedures of information and of consultation of workers' representatives which can prove to be applicable in the event of closures of companies, in particular Council Directive 98/59/EC of 20 July 1998 concerning collective redundancies OJ L 225, 12.8.1998 . , and Council Directive 94/45/EC, of 22 September 1994 on the establishment of a European Works Council or a procedure in Community-scale undertakings and Community-scale groups of undertakings for the purposes of informing and consulting employees OJ L 254, 30.9.1994 . (currently under revision). Another Directive was also adopted on 11 March 2002 by the Parliament and the Council with the aim of supplementing the Community mechanism on the matter (Directive 2002/14/EC of 11 March 2002 establishing a general framework relating to information and consulting employees in the Community OJ L 80, 23.3.2002 . ). The first two Directives were transposed in the national laws of the Member States (the third having to be transposed only by 23 March 2005). In any event, it is up to the competent national authorities (notably courts) to appreciate the correct and effective application of those directives in each case. Because of the widespread concerns about restructuring and its social consequences, the Commission has sought to widen and deepen the debate on the contribution that can be made at Community level to ensure that restructuring is managed having due regard to its social consequences. In 2002, Commission adopted the first stage consultation of the social partners ‘Anticipating and managing change: a dynamic approach to the social aspects of corporate restructuring’. The paper advocated a positive approach to corporate restructuring balancing the interests of businesses faced with changes in the conditions governing their activity and those of