make up the national cultures of Europe. School education has a central role to play in combating this problem as, more than any other social structure, the school is an ideal place for the creation of a new generation of European citizens, and can teach active participation, joint responsibility, and rights and duties in a society based on freedom and democracy and respect for other cultures. A Community programme RIAC – Regional Identity and Active Citizenship – aims to raise awareness of the vital role of the regions in Europe within the context of European citizenship. The basic concept behind RIAC is that a person who understands his or her own region is much better equipped to go out into Europe and to find his or her place as an active European citizen within the expanding European Union. Many successful school projects have already been carried out in the field of RIAC. Youth activities include support of Youth Parliaments and a Youth Committee of the Regions, a sports event and children’s and youth meetings RIAC is a Socrates Comenius 3 network which runs from October 2002 to September 2005 in 12 countries; http://www.riac.net; http://europa.eu.int/comm/education/programmes/socrates/comenius/activities/network2002_en.pdf 5 . It is also essential that students and young people in general may become more acquainted with cultural heritage and values that explain the diversity of national identities in such a way that traditional cultural, religious, historical, linguistic, neighbourhood and other differences, oppositions and/or rivalries may be overcome and thought of as representing positive contributions to Europe's immense cultural wealth and dynamics instead of being factors of dissent and aggression, as so often has been the case in the past. 4. Cultural Heritage http://www.coe.int/T/E/Cultural%5FCo%2Doperation/Heritage/Heritage%5Feducation/Classes.asp#TopOfPage. Access to Europe’s cultural heritage has always been a priority for the European Parliament as already stated in an initial resolution from 1974. The Decision establishing the Culture 2000 programme underlined the importance of promoting cultural heritage with a European dimension. For pupils, the school should be the vehicle for access to the cultural heritage. The Socrates programme for example supports educational projects in the field of cultural heritage involving schools and museums. However there is a need to expand activity in this area. The Council of Europe has been very active in bringing European Heritage to school children and young people and has initiated European Heritage classes which have been in existence for many years. These classes are conducted during