Answer given by High Representative/Vice-President Ashton on behalf of the Commission (15 September 2010) The Commission has been following the case of Mr Al Hassani very closely, since his arrest in July 2009. The EU has raised the case of Mr Al Hassani on a number of occasions with the Syrian authorities, asking for his immediate release and for the observance of Syria’s commitments under international law. On 27 July 2010, the EU High Representative issued a declaration on behalf of the EU, strongly condemning the sentencing of Mr Al Hassani and of two other prisoners of conscience. The full statement can be found at the following address: http://www.consilium.europa.eu/uedocs/cms_data/docs/pressdata/en/cfsp/115970. According to EU's information, the defence team of Mr Al Hassani has filed an appeal in July 2010 to reverse the decision of the Damascus Criminal Court of 23 June 2010, sentencing him to three years in prison. The Commission will continue to follow closely this case and the EU Delegation in Damascus will observe the trial. The EU will continue to raise the situation of human rights defenders with the Syrian authorities and to urge them to sign the EU‑Syria Association Agreement. This will regulate its relationship in a number of areas and will include a dialogue on human rights. Human rights are an essential element of a comprehensive and coherent EU foreign policy. The EU continues to support projects aiming at the protection and the promotion of human rights and the preservation of a space for civil society organisations in Syria: — In 2010, the Commission is launching a EUR 5 million project aiming at reforming and modernising the Syrian judiciary system. The objectives are to provide targeted technical assistance to the Ministry of Justice and the Judicial Training Institute in order to increase the efficiency and the quality of the legal system in Syria, to increase the capacity and knowledge of the Syrian legal profession and to provide a better access to justice for the Syrian people. — In 2011, the Commission will prepare a project aiming at the strengthening of Civil Society Organisations and their contribution to the socioeconomic development through better coordination and policy dialogue between civil society organisations (CSOs) and with the national authorities. — Last but not least, two projects are currently ongoing in Syria under the objective 1 of the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights (EIDHR) instrument.