political and economic interests of all Member States, C. whereas the present vulnerability and high energy dependency of the EU on countries with authoritarian regimes deeply undermine the development of a credible, effective and consistent common foreign and security policy with regard, in particular, to respect for, and the support and promotion of, the values upon which the EU is founded, D. whereas the EU internal energy market principles could serve as a basis for constructive policies with external EU energy partners, taking into account the particular characteristics of the third countries concerned, especially with a view to supporting sustainable energy development, including the development of energy efficiency and renewable energy sources, E. whereas security of supply at affordable and predictable prices has to be guaranteed at EU level by strong political cooperation as well as the completion of the internal energy market through further steps towards energy liberalisation, F. whereas energy should not be used as a tool for the exertion of political pressure on transit and recipient countries, G. whereas the gas sector is currently very vulnerable to external threats; whereas new forms of closer cooperation are being developed between gas exporting countries, which could endanger European energy security, H. whereas a common European foreign policy on energy, based on solidarity and diversification and on the promotion of sustainability, would create synergies ensuring security of supply for the European Union and would enhance the EU's strength, capacity for action in foreign policy matters and credibility as a global actor, I. whereas a sustainable, reliable and affordable energy supply must be secured; whereas international oil and gas prices are very volatile and a coherent EU foreign policy for energy is therefore in the interest of EU citizens, J. whereas close cooperation in the field of supply of energy constitutes one of the most effective and indispensable confidence-building measures in relations between the European Union and neighbouring countries, K. whereas a basis for solidarity in the area of energy policy can become a precedent for future solidarity in other areas and thus help to strengthen the role of the EU in its external relations, L. whereas a reliable risk assessment of energy security should be established as part of a common European foreign policy on energy, and whereas in this connection the recently established NESCO should play a decisive role, in which the necessary monitoring capacities for an early warning