for President of the United States in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.", " As of May 18, 2017, the group had about 440,000 members." ] ], [ "The People for Bernie Sanders", [ "The People for Bernie Sanders (also known as People for Bernie) is a grassroots movement which arose to support the candidacy of Bernie Sanders during the Bernie Sanders presidential campaign, 2016.", " People for Bernie, independent from the official campaign and largely organized via social media, grew to over 1 million followers on Facebook.", " Founded by veterans of Occupy Wall Street, People for Bernie became a key organizing force for progressives during the 2016 US Presidential Campaign, including coining the hashtag #feelthebern.", " Linked to other progressive groups like the National Nurses United and Democratic Socialists of America, People for Bernie became recognized for its role in mobilizing Sanders supporters and its innovative organizing strategies." ] ], [ "Tom Fiegen", [ "Thomas Lewis \"Tom\" Fiegen (born October 2, 1958) is an American attorney and Democratic Party politician.", " He served in the Iowa State Senate from 2001 to 2003.", " He sought the Democratic nomination in the 2010 U.S. Senate election in Iowa but came in third against Roxanne Conlin who won the primary, with Bob Krause coming in second.", " Fiegen again sought the Democratic nomination in the 2016 U.S. Senate election in Iowa, repeating his third-place showing.", " Fiegen endorsed Bernie Sanders for president prior to Sanders' endorsement of fellow candidate Hillary Clinton." ] ], [ "United States presidential election, 1960", [ "The United States presidential election of 1960 was the 44th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 8, 1960.", " The Republican Party nominated incumbent Vice President Richard Nixon, while the Democratic Party nominated John F. Kennedy, U.S. Senator from Massachusetts.", " The incumbent President, Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower, was not eligible for re-election after being elected the maximum two times allowed by the Twenty-second Amendment; he was the first President denied the choice to run for a third term by that amendment.", " This was the first presidential election in which residents in Alaska and Hawaii were able to participate, as both had become states in 1959." ] ] ] }