Answer given by Ms Georgieva on behalf of the Commission (19 December 2011) The Commission is aware of the recent floods in Italy and was immediately in contact with the Italian authorities. Any country inside or outside the Union affected by a major disaster can make an appeal for European assistance through the Monitoring and Information Centre (MIC), which is the operational heart of the European Civil Protection Mechanism accessible 24 hours a day. It is a platform for civil protection means available amongst all the Participating States, who decide what they can offer to the disaster-stricken country. The recent floods, however, did not result in a request from the Italian authorities for European assistance through the European Civil Protection Mechanism. The EU Solidarity Fund (EUSF), established by Council Regulation (EC) No 2012/2002 Council Regulation (EC) No 2012/2002 of 11 November 2002 establishing the European Union Solidarity Fund, OJ L 311, 14.11.2002. , could be a possible means of financial assistance in the case of the recent floods in Italy. EUSF aid may however only be granted upon application of the national authorities of the affected country and if a number of conditions are met; the Commission may not activate the EUSF upon its own initiative. The threshold for activating the Solidarity Fund for major disasters in the case of Italy is direct damage exceeding EUR 3.536 billion (i.e. EUR 3 billion in 2002 prices). If the damage remains below the threshold, Italy could possibly benefit from the exceptional rule for so-called extraordinary regional disasters, but the specific conditions are usually difficult to meet. The Italian authorities are very familiar with the conditions and procedures governing the EUSF and have made a first contact with the Commission on 21 November 2011 to announce that while the level of damages has not yet been fully assessed, they consider preparing an application which must reach the Commission by the very beginning of January 2012. The Commission stands ready to give any guidance and advice for preparing an application. Details on the functioning of EUSF, including an application form and guidance note can be found on the EUSF website at http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/thefunds/solidarity/index_en.cfm