Commission's PDB. - A substantial revision would therefore need to be introduced both as concerns the amounts for geographical programmes and for some thematic lines. In line with its mandate given by the plenary, the delegation thus stressed that there is currently no room under the ceiling to finance heading 4 globally and that the EU is facing a serious shortfall for 2006 external actions. As new actions are added, the shortfall for existing actions would worsen. This is not acceptable. 18. On administration, heading 5 , the Council made a horizontal cut of 119.9 million compared to the PDB which, in the rapporteur's view, seems to contradict the need to improve the recruitment of staff, especially for new Member States. The Council also went on to reduce the actual number of posts allowed. The Commissioner raised serious warnings at this position and stated that "all recruitment would be frozen". The Council believed that there were "enough vacant posts" to be filled in order to reach satisfactory recruitment levels but the Commission stated that it would simply not be possible to fill them with this level of expenditure. There were clearly different views as to whether the appropriations to fill vacant posts had actually been made available in past years and both the EP and Council would receive additional, clarifying information from the Commission. 19. The rapporteur notes that the Council's general approach of horizontal reductions is doubtful and believes that a more analytical approach would be necessary. The EP delegation also expressed disappointment at the state of recruitment of staff from the new Member States in 2004 and 2005. There was a sense that the Council had made a correct diagnosis (disappointing recruitment) but was prescribing an inappropriate medicine (reductions). 20. In technical terms, the Council DB: - applied an across-the-board reduction of 2 %. - out of the total reduction of 119.9 million in this heading, 94.4 million is taken from the Commission's budget - reduced 40 B and C posts for the Commission - reduced some 45 B and C posts for the other institutions 21. In heading 7, pre-accession strategy , the Council has accepted the PDB for commitment appropriations. However. It decreased payment appropriations by 127.5 million across this heading, for example -44 m for Turkey and -26 and -28 million respectively for SAPARD and ISPA. Overall, this leaves total commitments for the heading at