each year.", " Featuring 303 beds and a Level IV NICU, Children's National is the regional referral center for pediatric emergency, trauma, cancer, cardiac and critical care as well as neonatology, orthopaedic surgery, neurology and neurosurgery." ] ], [ "Providence Hospital (Washington, D.C.)", [ "Providence Hospital is a 408 bed hospital located in the District of Columbia.", " Founded in 1861, it is the longest continuously operating hospital in the District.", " Providence Hospital is a member of Ascension Health, the largest non-profit health care organization in the United States." ] ], [ "Providence St. Peter Hospital", [ "Providence St. Peter Hospital, located in the Lilly Road Medical District of Olympia, Washington is Providence Health & Services’s second largest Washington state hospital.", " Providence St. Peter features 390 beds in the medical/surgical tower with 42 private rooms in the emergency department (including a four-bed locked mental health evaluation unit), 18 beds in the Psychiatry Building, and 32 beds in the Critical Care Unit.", " This facility is a non-profit teaching hospital founded by the Sisters of Providence in 1887.", " Providence St. Peter Hospital offers comprehensive medical, surgical and behavioral health services." ] ], [ "MedStar Washington Hospital Center", [ "MedStar Washington Hospital Center is the largest private hospital in Washington, D.C. A member of MedStar Health, the not-for-profit Hospital Center is licensed for 926 beds.", " Health services in primary, secondary and tertiary care are offered to adult and neonatal patients.", " It also serves as a teaching hospital for Georgetown University School of Medicine." ] ], [ "Providence Portland Medical Center", [ "Providence Portland Medical Center, located at 4805 NE Glisan St. in the North Tabor neighborhood of Portland, Oregon, is a full-service medical center specializing in cancer and cardiac care.", " Opened in 1941, the hospital is licensed for 483 beds, and has over 3,000 employees.", " There are approximately 1,000 physicians on staff.", " The campus is also home to Providence Child Center, a 58-bed facility dedicated exclusively to medically fragile children.", " Providence Portland Medical Center is part of the Providence Health & Services in Oregon.", " Providence Portland Medical Center is one of four nursing magnet hospitals in Oregon, the others being Providence St. Vincent Medical Center, Veterans Affairs hospital, and OHSU Hospital in Portland." ] ] ] }