too frequently. The amount of compensation is fixed, in the Commission’s calculations, regardless of the class of ticket, at approximately twice the level of the most popular business tariffs. The most striking innovation, however, is that passengers now benefit from similar protection in two cases not covered by the old regulation. The first is flights cancelled for commercial reasons, which cause unacceptable trouble and delay, particularly when passengers have not been warned in advance; for these the Commission proposes to extend the provisions which apply to denied boarding, in compliance with a request already made by Parliament. These measures do not apply where an operator can prove that it was in no way responsible for the cancellation of the flight. The second case concerns delays, for which, however, the operators are not always responsible; they are more commonly caused by air traffic management systems or limits on airport capacity. The Commission, as it has already indicated in the past, considers that in present circumstances operators cannot be obliged to compensate delayed passengers, but it believes it is necessary to protect passengers facing serious delays. Evaluation of the proposal The rapporteur believes that the proposal for a regulation put before us is a valid one which chimes well with the general trend of the Union's policy in this area, that is to say meeting the twin requirements of liberalising the market while at the same time seeking to govern and rationalise it, and paying particular attention to safeguarding consumers' rights, especially when consumers are at an obvious disadvantage vis-à-vis service providers. The protection of air passengers provided under the old regulation, 295/91, is now totally inadequate and it is vital to lay down up-to-date rules to cope with changed circumstances, such as paperless tickets, or cases which have not been dealt with until now, such as package tours or flights provided by Community companies flying from airports in third countries in respect of which there are no guarantees for passengers. Support should be given to the approach of seeking to involve the sector's operators, by calling on them to lay down their own rules to protect citizens, but leaving the authorities with jurisdiction to intervene where guarantees do not appear to be sufficient (the Member States have to monitor the system directly in order to ensure that the rights laid down are respected). The method chosen by the Commission to achieve