Treaty and the options open to the European Union. Clearly, a permanent return to the status quo ante of the Nice Treaty cannot be an option. But perhaps the broad debate envisaged by the Heads of State or Government could help illumine the best way forward. However, the Committee notes with some alarm that such broad debate is largely absent in most of the Member States. In the absence of such debate, it is difficult to see how genuine progress can be made. Brussels, 26 October 2005 The President of the European Economic and Social Committee The Secretary-General of the European Economic and Social Committee Anne-Marie Sigmund Patrick Venturini * * * N.B. : Appendix overleaf. Appendix: some specific suggestions for facilitating the debate 1. For the EESC 1.1 The EESC is determined to play a full and pro-active part in the debate through its members and their organisations, particularly in the Member States. 1.2 The EESC will make a rapid assessment of the European Commission's recently adopted Communication on "Plan D". The Committee welcomes the Commission's commitment to partnership and will seek to work closely not only with the European Commission, but with the other EU institutions, the Member States and all other actors involved in encouraging debate. 1.3 In this context, the Committee would encourage the European Commission better to exploit the communication resource which the EESC's members effectively represent (see below). 1.4 The EESC will pro-actively encourage cooperation in debate and discussion with the National Economic and Social Councils and Similar Institutions. 1.5 The EESC's members should seek to cooperate more pro-actively also with the Committee of the Regions on issues of common interest. 1.6 The EESC will explore possibilities of working more closely with the regional press and media, including the audiovisual media, and with the specialised press. 1.7 The EESC will pro-actively seek more systematic involvement in the work of think tanks, particularly those based in Brussels. 2. For the European Parliament 2.1 The EESC suggests that the European Parliament set up working parties with institutional communication professionals in each Member State with a view to making practical proposals to governments regarding the measures and resources necessary to embark upon an effective communication campaign in the Member States. The EESC suggests that the European Parliament define and clarify, in the form of green papers, the various existing hypotheses in relation to the three or four