to tackle these technical and operational issues. Those powers should be exercised in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 182/2011. (22) This Directive should not limit the right of Members States to charge fees for obtaining information on companies through the system of interconnection of registers, if such fees are required under national law. Therefore, technical measures and specifications for the system of interconnection of registers should allow for the establishment of modalities of payments. This Directive should not prejudge in this respect any specific technical solution, as the modalities of payments should be determined at the stage of adoption of the implementing acts, taking into account widely available online payment facilities. (23) It could be desirable for third countries to be able, in the future, to participate in the system of interconnection of registers. (24) An equitable solution regarding the funding of the system of interconnection of registers entails that both the European Union and its Member States should take part in the financing of that system. The Member States should bear the financial burden of adjusting their domestic registers to that system, while the central elements – the platform and the portal serving as the European electronic access point – should be funded from an appropriate budget line in the general budget of the Union. In order to supplement non-essential elements of this Directive, the power to adopt acts in accordance with Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union should be delegated to the Commission in respect of charging fees for accessing company information. This does not affect the possibility for the national registers to charge fees, but it may be an additional fee in order to co-finance the maintenance and functioning of the platform. It is of particular importance that the Commission carry out appropriate consultations during its preparatory work, including at expert level. The Commission, when preparing and drawing up delegated acts, should ensure a simultaneous, timely and appropriate transmission of relevant documents to the European Parliament and to the Council. (25) Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data 1 OJ L 281, 23.11.1995, p. 31. and Regulation (EC) No 45/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 December 2000 on