Answer given by Mr Michel on behalf of the Commission (2 August 2007) The Commission is well aware of the worrying situation in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The deep-rooted crisis in the region has multiple and interlinked causes. These include, inter alia , ethnic exclusion, natural resources and land exploitation, lack of participation in political power in the case of some groups, economic problems, lack of proper army integration and presence of foreign combatants. Although these problems are not new, they need to be tackled urgently, not only for the sake of the population of the region, but also because it is crucial for the consolidation of the political stability of the DRC. Stabilising the East appears therefore as the biggest challenge for President Kabila and the DRC government right now, even if the country has many other problems to address. For the Commission the resolution of the security crisis in the East requires a global approach including adequate political initiatives vis-à-vis all the stakeholders as well as poverty reduction actions. Military solutions, alone, will not bring a sustainable peace. The Commission, together with the Member States and the two European Defence and Security Policy (ESDP) missions (European Communications Security and Evaluation Agency (EUSEC) and European Union Police (EUPOL)) participates actively in several international and local political initiatives with the aim of promoting a political solution in the region and coordinating international partners' support strategy to the DRC, including as regards the security sector reform. Moreover, as regards the humanitarian and poverty reduction component, the Commission has been present in the region for many years, through humanitarian and post-humanitarian aid, as well as, more recently, development-oriented European Development Fund (EDF) interventions, in particular in the health and justice sector. In the future (10th EDF), the Commission envisages remaining involved in the Eastern DRC, working through its humanitarian and cooperation programmes.