P6_TA(2005)0240 Employment and productivity A6-0109/2005 Euroopean Parliament resolution on employment and productivity and their contribution to economic growth ( 2004/2188(INI) ) The European Parliament , – having regard to the Commission Staff Working Paper ( SEC(2004)0690 ), – having regard to Rule 45 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the report of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs ( A6-0109/2005 ), A. whereas employment policies are the responsibility of the Member States, B. whereas job security, wage levels, working conditions, training and capital per worker are all variables that have a positive correlation with the level of labour productivity, C. whereas illegal work has negative effects on social protection systems, employment policies and social cohesion, D. whereas the present economic phase of increased competition and intensified restructuring is leading to job losses and changes in employment patterns in certain regions and sectors, E. whereas in order to minimise the likely adverse effects of these changes it is essential for all involved to identify problems related to employment and productivity, F. whereas shortages of skilled labour have emerged in many sectors, and whereas in some Member States, owing to specific demographic trends, the indigenous working population is decreasing, G. whereas economic growth in Europe is around 2%, which is not enough to tackle unemployment and promote full employment, and which clearly shows the need for macroeconomic solutions to address the problem of lack of effective demand, H. whereas both sides of industry should be closely involved in efforts to investigate the connection between quality of jobs and productivity and whereas this cooperation would pave the way for progress in the Member States' economies, I. whereas SMEs account for the majority of employers and are the main engine of economic growth, J. whereas the growth of the internet and e-commerce means that EU companies, including SMEs, operate in an increasingly global market, and their need for competitiveness should be considered in this wider context, K. whereas economic growth at the expense of employment growth is undesirable, and all forms of employment growth are therefore to be encouraged, and noting that the above-mentioned Commission staff working paper states that 'flexible working hours arrangements (including temporary and part-time contracts ...) have contributed to raising employment and participation rates', 1. Regrets that the Council no longer regards the Stability and Growth Pact as imperative for the improvement of conditions for economic