Answer given by Mr Michel on behalf of the Commission (23 December 2005) The use of animal traction should be seen in the context of a whole range of other cultivation techniques, such as sensible use of agricultural inputs (improved seeds, fertilisation and plant health control), use of harvest residues, and the integration of arable and livestock farming. Animal traction development does indeed suffer from a number of economic, technological, sociological and institutional constraints. For small-scale farmers — the majority — the cost of buying and looking after draught animals (mostly bullocks or donkeys) and the necessary equipment (e.g. carts, seed drills, transport barrows) constitutes a considerable investment. The whole operation cannot generally be economically viable unless a cash crop, e.g. cotton, rice or groundnut, is included in the rotation. Another requirement for adopting animal traction is that the amount of land available for crops and for pasture (land ownership) should exceed the agricultural holding’s available labour capacity and that it should be possible to obtain credit. This type of technology also requires training in animal dressage and care, the availability of fodder — particularly at the beginning of the crop season and at the end of the dry season — and the development of tools specially adapted to local conditions. Most farmers do not traditionally acquire this know-how since they are not usually stock farmers, and the relevant techniques can only be developed through proper integration of arable and livestock farming. Institutional aspects, such as the availability of effective information provision, training, applied research and rural credit services, are also essential. Over recent years there has been gradual State disengagement from these issues, something which is rarely made up for by private services or effective agricultural associations. Development of animal traction in many African countries has therefore ground to a halt or even deteriorated, particularly due to a lack of credit structures which meet the development needs. The main impediments to the expansion of this technique are economic ones. The savannah Sahel region of Western Africa — including areas used to grow cash crops such as cotton, lowland rice and groundnut — fulfil many of the relevant criteria and have witnessed more rapid and widespread development in animal traction. Animal traction in these areas has been developing for over fifty years. The FAO estimates that over 15 % of farmers were already using animal traction in the late 1980s.