subject to the 10 year work programme provided for in Article 16 of Directive 98/8/EC. Instead, such surfactants are deemed to be disinfectants and the detergents of which they are ingredients are subject to the labelling provisions for disinfectants of Annex VII A. 2. Manufacturers of detergents and/or of surfactants for detergents shall be established within the Community. 3. Manufacturers shall be responsible for the conformity of detergents and/or of surfactants for detergents with the provisions of this Regulation and its Annexes. Article 4 Limitations based on the biodegradability of surfactants 1. Under this Regulation, surfactants and detergents containing surfactants that meet the criteria for ultimate aerobic biodegradation as laid down in Annex III may be placed on the market without further limitations relating to biodegradability. 2. If a detergent contains surfactants for which the level of ultimate aerobic biodegradation is lower than that stipulated in Annex III, manufacturers of industrial or institutional detergents containing surfactants, and/or of surfactants for industrial or institutional detergents, may ask for derogation. Requests for derogation shall be made and decided in accordance with Articles 5, 6 and 9. 3. The level of primary biodegradability shall be measured for all surfactants in detergents failing ultimate aerobic biodegradation tests. Detergent surfactants, for which the level of primary biodegradability is lower than that stipulated in Annex II, shall not be granted derogation. Article 5 Granting of derogation 1. The request by a manufacturer for derogation shall be made by sending an application to the competent authority of the Member State concerned, referred to in Article 8(1), and to the Commission, providing evidence relating to the criteria mentioned under Article 6(1). Member States can make the request for derogation dependent upon the payment to the Member State's competent authority of a fee. Such fees, if any, shall be levied in a non-discriminatory way and shall not exceed the cost of processing the application. 2. Applications shall include a technical file supplying all the information and justifications necessary for evaluating the safety aspects related to the specific use of surfactants in detergents failing to comply with the biodegradability limits, as set out in Annex III. In addition to the results of tests stipulated in Annex III, the technical file shall include information and results of tests, as stipulated in Annexes II and IV. The tests laid down in Annex IV, point 4 shall be carried out on the basis