Egyptian journalist wins journalism prize for article on immigration Culture 2006-10-17 - 19:45 Egyptian journalist Samia Nkrumah Last month Egyptian journalist Samia Nkrumah won the 2006 "Napoli-European Parliament" international prize for journalism. This prize, celebrating its 13th year, was awarded by a jury of the Napoli Award foundation, the European Parliament and several European and international newspapers. It forms part of the "Napoli Prize", a 52 year old competition which awards Italian and international narrative literature, poetry and literary criticism. This year, the subject chosen was "Immigration and friendship among populations" and Samia Nkrumah's prize winning article was entitled "The changing face of Italy". In the article she approaches the problem of immigration of different immigrant communities in Italy. From Ghana to Europe Samia Nkrumah, born in 1960 in Accra, capital of Ghana, is the daughter of Kwame Nkrumah, the man who triumphantly led Ghana to independence in 1957 before being deposed in 1966, and of an Egyptian mother of Christian Coptic religion. This background has allowed Ms Nkrumah an appreciation of different cultures. She graduated from London University's School of Oriental and African Studies, where she obtained a Masters on Middle East studies. Nowadays, she is the representative of the African movement in Italy, and works with the University of Arkansas and the Rome Study Centre, among others. Articles findings The article was published by the Egyptian weekly magazine, "Al-Ahram" and says " Italians are generally tolerant of their country's ethnic and religious minorities" even if this is not reflected by the Italian law, which for Ms Nkrumah, "does not contribute to a better and deeper integration of the newcomers." Her article highlighted the following, " Romanians represent the largest legal immigrant population at 239,781. In second and third place are Moroccans and Albanians at 227,055 and 224,001 respectively. From Sub-Saharan Africa, immigrants from Senegal, followed by Nigeria and Ghana represent the highest legally resident immigrant populations". "I believe that the jury have chosen my article for the spirit that I have written it in, for the tolerance that shows and the never-ending research to understand others. I never try to give judgments; first I prefer to understand the circumstances, the facts…” she said. The European Parliament and immigration According to Ms Nkrumah, Europeans are generally in favour of integrating immigrants into their societies, and in this Parliament can play a role. “The European Parliament, with its direct representation