Answer given by Mr Michel on behalf of the Commission (26 October 2007) The Commission is indeed very concerned by the tight grip the Eritrean Government is exercising on human rights in the country by introducing, among other things, restrictions on freedom of association, expression and worship. There is presently an overall crackdown trend against civil and political liberties. The Cotonou Agreement provides the framework for the relationship between the EU and Eritrea. Within this framework, which includes the principle of ownership and provisions for a Political Dialogue (Article 8 of Cotonou), the Commission and Member States have worked to raise such issues as human rights and civil liberties with the Eritrean Government. The matter was raised during the meeting between the Member of the Commission responsible for Development and humanitarian aid and President Isaias Afewerki during his visit on 4 May 2007 in order to urge improvements in this regard. On 20 September 2007, the EU made a Declaration by the Presidency on behalf of the European Union on political prisoners in Eritrea expressing its extreme concern with the situation of the group of eleven prominent Members of Parliament and politicians arrested in 2001 who remain detained despite repeated appeals by the International Community. The Cotonou Agreement foresees, as a measure of last resort, in case of violation of respect of human rights, democratic principles and the rule of law, the possibility of its suspension under Article 96. Invoking Article 96 is not yet considered and has not so far been considered an appropriate response to the situation in Eritrea by the Member States. This would not only disable any possibility to continue the dialogue on these matters, but would also deprive the people of Eritrea of badly needed financial assistance to address the very pressing poverty related problems the population is facing. With respect to development cooperation and the EUR 122 million which have been allocated for Eritrea, in the framework of the cooperation foreseen by the Cotonou Agreement (Tenth European Development Fund (EDF)), the programming of these funds is still ongoing and the related Country Strategy Paper is yet to be finalised. These funds will serve the long term development of Eritrea and their exact use will be negotiated between the EC and the Eritrean Government taking into account all the provisions of the Agreement on the fundamental principles of the African, Caribbean and Pacific/EU partnership. Several