Answer given by Mr Verheugen on behalf of the Commission (26 January 2009) The Commission adopted its proposal for the recast of the Construction Products Regulation (CPR) on 23 May 2008 COM(2008)0311 final. . The CPR will replace the Construction Products Directive (CPD) Council Directive 89/106/EEC, OJ L 40, 11.2.1989. and it is expected to be adopted by the EP and the Council before the end of this Parliamentary Term. The main changes to the current situation foreseen in the proposed CPR are threefold: clarification of the legal content, simplification of implementing mechanisms and reinforcement of the credibility of the system. In this context, the demands expressed in the communication on a European Action plan ‘European opportunities for people with disabilities’ COM(2003)650 final. have also been taken into consideration. However, the links to the essential characteristics of individual construction products are not so evident, as the issue of accessibility of the public built environment is more closely connected to the design and the execution of construction works. As far as the Commission is aware, the legal provisions on accessibility in place in the Member States also explicitly concern the design of works and thus do not have a direct effect on construction products. For these reasons, the CPR proposal has not taken up the issue of accessibility. To date, none of the amendments proposed to it in the Parliament's Committees Internal Market and Consumer Protection (IMCO) and Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE) are addressing this matter. Nevertheless, if required at a later stage, the framework of the CPR could be used to incorporate such matters through Comitology procedure after its adoption. As regards the initiatives taken by the Commission to promote the use of accessibility requirements in public tenders, first of all it should be remembered that the new Public Procurement Directives published in 2004 Directives 2004/17/EC and 2004/18/EC of 31 March 2004. (a) clarify the obligation to take into account, whenever possible, accessibility criteria for people with disabilities in the technical specifications of public tenders and (b) more generally, explain the possibilities to take into consideration social criteria in public procurement at any stage of the procedure. Secondly, as regards standardisation, on December 2007 the Commission mandated Standardisation mandate to CEN CENELEC and ETSI in Support of European accessibility requirements for public procurement in the built environment (M/420 EN). the European Committee for Electrotechnical Standardisation (CEN CENELEC) and the