bodies should, without exception and as an essential condition , take into account the needs of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility , in accordance with ‘design for all’ requirements In any case, terminal managing bodies should designate points where such persons can notify their arrival and need for assistance. Amendment 6 Council position – amending act Recital 11 a (new) Council position Amendment (11a) Similarly, carriers should take those needs into account when deciding on the design of new and newly refurbished vehicles. Justification The amendment restores a recital introduced by the EP at first reading. Amendment 7 Council position – amending act Recital 11 b (new) Council position Amendment (11b) Member States should improve existing infrastructure, where this is necessary to enable carrier s to ensure access for disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility as well as to provide appropriate assistance. Justification The amendment restores a recital introduced by the EP at first reading. Amendment 8 Council position – amending act Recital 13 Council position Amendment 13) Where possible , organisations representative of disabled persons or persons with reduced mobility should be consulted or involved in the organisation of the disability‑related training. (13) Organisations representative of disabled persons or persons with reduced mobility should be consulted or involved in preparing the content of the disability‑related training. Justification In order to ensure the disability-related training is tailored to the needs of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility, representative organisations should take part in preparing the content of the training. Amendment 9 Council position – amending act Recital 14 Council position Amendment (14) Rights of bus and coach passengers should include the receipt of information regarding the service before and during the journey. All essential information provided to bus and coach passengers should also be provided in alternative formats accessible to disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility. (14) Rights of bus and coach passengers should include the receipt of information regarding the service before and during the journey. All essential information provided to bus and coach passengers should also be provided in alternative formats accessible to disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility, such as large print, plain language, Braille, electronic communications that can be accessed with adaptive technology, and audio tapes . Justification Partially restore the EP first reading on accessible formats. Amendment 10 Council position – amending act Recital 16 Council position Amendment (16)