Answer given by Mr Borg on behalf of the Commission (17 January 2007) The European Community was behind the initiative of the Recovery Plan for Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean bluefin tuna adopted at the last International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT) Annual Meeting. This Plan is intended to regulate the Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean bluefin stock in a coherent manner, based on coherent and sound stock assessment by scientists. It fixes Total Allowable Catch (TAC) and quotas, sets technical measures, such as closed seasons and areas and minimum sizes, and introduces more comprehensive control measures. These measures, if fully respected by all the participants in the fishery, should ensure a responsible and sustainable exploitation of the stock. This Plan also addresses the main concerns raised by the findings of the ICCAT Scientific Committee, notably as regards overfishing and overcapacity, by reducing the TAC and introducing a gradual and long-term approach including a package of complementary technical and control measures to ensure its effectiveness. It takes into account the socioeconomic interests linked to the fishing activities, notably the need to preserve traditional artisanal fisheries that have been recognised as having a minor impact on the stock. The adoption of the Recovery Plan implies sacrifices for all actors. The European Community, as did all the other Member countries of ICCAT, accepted the proposal, which therefore constitutes an official commitment to the objectives and the implementation of the Recovery Plan by all the Community and non-Community fleets concerned. Finally, as regards the socioeconomic impact of the Recovery Plan, Article 5 of Council Regulation No 2371/2002 Council Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002 of 20 December 2002 on the conservation and sustainable exploitation of fisheries resources under the common fisheries policy, OJ L 358, 31.12.2002. provides coverage, and so supporting measures for the affected fleet would be eligible for funding under the European Fisheries Fund.