for countries accused of human rights violations. MEPs are disappointed that the EU did not sponsor a resolution on China or Iran at the 59th session of the UNHRC. In addition, in 2002 and 2003 the UNHRC rejected resolutions on Chechnya and Zimbabwe. The report says that "human rights dialogues… must not be turned into mere talking-shops, or be confined to exchanges of views on cultural and historical differences". It calls for special dialogues with Mediterranean countries, Russia, Ukraine, the south Caucasus countries and the Balkan states. It asks the Council to assess the EU's structured dialogues with Iran and China and urges the governments of these two countries to allow in the UN's special rapporteurs on human rights. MEPs warmly support the International Criminal Court (ICC) and urges the broadest possible ratification for the Court's statute. It calls on all states which still have the death penalty to introduce a moratorium on any pending executions. It also urges the United States to drop its policy of discouraging governments from ratifying the Rome Statute by means of "bilateral immunity agreements". In addition, the report calls for a commission to be set up under the mandate of the UN Secretary-General and/or the Security Council to investigate war crimes and crimes against humanity committed under the Iraqi regime. The report condemns totalitarian regimes which suppress and try to control religious belief and practice, such as those in Burma, China, Cuba, Laos, North Korea and Vietnam. It also underlines the key role of education in deepening mutual understanding and respect for different religions. MEPs call on the Council and Commission to seek to prevent violent religious extremism through dialogue with the relevant leaders. Lastly, they point out that many religious communities are persecuted by leaders belonging to the dominant religion of the country in question. Press enquiries: Joëlle Fiss (Strasbourg) tel.(33) 3 881 73840 (Brussels) tel.(32-2) 28 41075 e-mail : foreign-press@europarl.eu.int Culture Call to include linguistic diversity in future Constitution Michl EBNER (EPP-ED, I) Report on the recommendations of the Commission on regional and lesser-used languages - the minority languages in the European Union in the context of enlargement and cultural diversity [2003/2057(INI)] Doc.: A5-0271/2003 Procedure : Own-initiative Debate : 04.09.2003 Vote: 04.09.2003 In adopting an own-initiative report with 431 votes in favour, 30 against, and 23 abstentions. Parliament criticises the lack of EU legislation on regional and less widely-used languages. Around 40