any appropriate proposal for the adoption of a new act or the amendment of an existing act, by adopting a resolution on the basis of an own-initiative report drawn up by the committee responsible in accordance with Rule 48. The resolution shall be adopted by a majority of the component Members of Parliament in the final vote. Parliament may, at the same time, set a deadline for the submission of such a proposal. 2. Any Member may table a proposal for a Union act on the basis of the right of initiative granted to Parliament under Article 225 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 3. The proposal shall be submitted to the President, who shall refer it to the committee responsible for consideration. Before such referral, the proposal shall be translated into those official languages which the Chair of that committee considers necessary in order to make summary consideration possible. The committee shall take a decision on further action within three months of the referral, and after having heard the author of the proposal. Where the committee decides to submit the proposal to Parliament in accordance with the procedure set out in Rule 48, the author of the proposal shall be named in the title of the report. 4. Parliament's resolution shall indicate the appropriate legal basis and be accompanied by detailed recommendations as to the content of the required proposals, which shall respect fundamental rights and the principle of subsidiarity. 5. Where a proposal has financial implications, Parliament shall indicate how sufficient financial resources can be provided. 6. The committee responsible shall monitor the progress of preparation of any proposed legislative act drawn up following a particular request by Parliament. Rule 43 Consideration of legislative documents 1. Proposals for legislative acts and other documents of a legislative nature shall be referred by the President to the committee responsible for consideration. In cases of doubt the President may apply Rule 188(2) before the announcement in Parliament of referral to the committee responsible. In cases where a proposal is listed in the Commission Work Programme the committee responsible may decide to appoint a rapporteur to follow the preparatory phase of the proposal. Consultations by the Council or requests from the Commission for an opinion shall be forwarded by the President to the committee responsible for consideration of the proposal concerned. The provisions for the first reading as