taken into consideration; 43. Stresses that women in particular should be encouraged to take part in training and further training, and special programmes to promote lifelong learning for women must also be provided and promoted in this context; 44. Stresses that low-skilled and older workers ought to be particularly encouraged and incentives should be provided for them to take part in lifelong learning programmes; 45. Calls for adult education and lifelong learning programmes to take particular account of those groups of people who are most disadvantaged in the labour market, in particular young persons, women, especially those in rural situations, and the elderly; 46. Calls for account to be taken of the fact that training in parenting skills for women and men is crucial to people's welfare, to fighting poverty and to social cohesion; against this background, wishes for multi-purpose lifelong learning programmes and training of parenting skills trainers to be set up within the framework of education and learning; 47. Emphasises that knowledge and qualifications acquired through lifelong learning should be much broader and easily recognised, and to that end considers that the implementation of the above-mentioned European Qualifications Framework and Europass as instruments for the promotion of lifelong learning must also be stepped up; 48. Considers that more funding for measures to promote mobility should be provided by both European and national authorities at all stages of lifelong learning; 49. Calls for the advantages of the above-mentioned European Quality Charter for Mobility to be recognised and exploited and for them to be put into practice by the Member States, and for the Commission to carry out a review of implementation in the Member States; 50. Insists that as many social services and supporting facilities (e.g. childcare) as possible ought to be guaranteed to all students and workers with families; 51. Believes that voluntary services should be integrated and acknowledged when implementing the Education and Training 2010 work programme; 52. Is convinced that exchanges of views and mutual teaching and learning among different age groups should be enhanced; 53. Stresses that lifelong learning programmes must support entrepreneurship, enabling citizens to establish SMEs and to meet the needs of both society and the economy; 54. Draws attention to the fact that lifelong learning guidance services and information to learners of all age groups ought to be put into place in order to support the above objectives; o o o 55.