product proves not to be harmful in specified conditions of use. However, even the long tradition does not exclude the fact that there may be concerns with regard to the product's safety, so the competent authorities should be entitled to ask for all data necessary for assessing the safety. The quality aspect of the medicinal product is independent of its traditional use, so no derogation should be made with regard to the necessary physico-chemical, biological and microbiological tests. (6) The vast majority of medicinal products with a sufficiently long and coherent tradition are based on herbal substances. It therefore seems appropriate to limit the scope of the simplified registration in a first step to traditional herbal medicinal products. (7) The simplified registration should be acceptable only where the herbal medicinal product may rely on a sufficiently long-term medicinal use in the Community. Medicinal use outside the Community should be taken into account only if the medicinal product has been used within the Community for a certain time. Nevertheless, those Member States which have a tradition of using herbal medicinal products from outside the Community should be able to register such products regardless of the time of use within the Community, where valid evidence from outside the Community exists . (8) With the objective of further facilitating the registration of certain traditional herbal medicinal products and to further enhance harmonisation, there should be a possibility to establish a Community list of herbal substances that fulfil certain criteria, such as being in medicinal use for a sufficiently long time, and hence do not seem harmful in the normal conditions of use. (9) Having regard to the particularities of herbal medicinal products, a committee on herbal medicinal products should be established within the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products set up by European Parliament and Council Regulation (EC) No .../2002 of ... [laying down Community procedures for the authorisation and supervision of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing a European Medicinal Products Agency] OJ L (hereinafter "the Agency"). The committee should be composed of experts in the field of herbal medicinal products. Its tasks should relate in particular to establishing Community herbal monographs relevant for the registration as well as the authorisation of herbal medicinal products. In addition, the committee should take over the tasks of the Committee for Human Medicinal Products with regard to the evaluation of