MEPs back rapid response teams to tackle illegal immigration Security and defence 2007-05-03 - 11:21 Coastguards can be overwhelmed by the numbers of immigrants in boats MEPs last week gave their backing to new Rapid Border Intervention Teams that will provide assistance should any EU state face a large influx of illegal immigrants. The teams will work under the authority of national border guards and in cooperation with Frontex - the EU's border agency. In 2006 an estimated 20,000 African immigrants landed in Lampedusa in Italy with a further 30,000 in the Canary Islands. The authorities were often unable to cope - especially as many needed medical help. Trying to reach Europe by sea is also provoking tragedy as many drown as the flimsy boats provided by people traffickers sink en route. This point was explicitly mentioned in the debate by Spanish Socialist Javier Moreno Sánchez who acts as rapporteur for illegal immigration. He told fellow MEPs that "these teams will...save lives, especially in Atlantic and Mediterranean waters, and treat with dignity immigrants trying to enter illegally into the territory of the Union". Despite the numbers, immigration by sea is estimated to make up only about 14% of the entire amount. The EU also faces migratory pressure by land from the Western Balkans and former states of the Soviet Union which have not joined the Union. A key part of the resolution was that more effective border management could stem the flow of both illegal immigration and people trafficking. The latter is particularly prevalent throughout the Western Balkans. The type of tasks that the Rapid Border Intervention Team (RABIT) would carry out would be patrolling the border, checking and stamping documentation and interviewing people who wish to cross the border. They would also help with practical issues like translation and first aid. Parliament gives Frontex more funding An initial force of several hundred is envisaged with salaries being paid from the country they originate from. All living expenses would be borne by Frontex - whish is why Parliament boosted the Agency's budget by €10 million for 2007. Speaking in the debate, Parliament's rapporteur on the proposed Intervention Teams, Belgian Liberal Gérard Deprez, said that "it's about organising assistance to those facing a sudden and massive arrival of illegal immigrants...today this problem concerns southern EU members, but nobody can exclude that other, especially south-eastern or eastern borders, will tomorrow face similar