500 to 750,000 Iraqis, representing a high proportion of the population, Egypt (over 80,000), Lebanon (estimated 20,000), Iran (over 50,000), the Gulf region (over 200.000) and Turkey (estimated 5,100), G. whereas 560.000 of the refugees in the neighbouring countries are children at school age and that access to public education or subsidised health care in many areas is very difficult or barred by law, I. whereas, under customary international law, there is a legal obligation not to return refugees to persecution or serious harm, and to allow asylum seekers fleeing widespread human rights abuses and generalised violence to enter the relevant country, at least temporarily, in order to be screened for refugee status, H. whereas the attitude of most Member States to recognising protection needs of Iraqi refugees has been extremely restrictive, with the exception of Sweden (even though Sweden seems regrettable to tighten asylum procedures), the Netherlands and Ireland, K. whereas great disparities in the way Iraqi asylum claims are being assessed in the Member States have been determined that illustrate the lack of progress made in the development of a Common European Asylum System that is based on high common standards and is able to give protection to those in need, L. whereas neighbouring countries have considerably restricted access for refugees, forcing many to return to Iraq or remain trapped at the borders, as well as imposing restrictive stay requirements, such as reducing periods of stay and/or making the renewal of their visas so difficult that most Iraqis quickly lose their legal status, M. whereas the Government of Brazil has offered to resettle an estimated 100 Palestinian refugees who formerly lived in Iraq under the solidarity resettlement programmes, N. whereas UNHCR is finalising a request to increase the Supplementary Budget for the Iraq situation from USD 60 Mio. to USD 115 Mio, 1. Welcomes the solidarity shown by Iraq's neighbouring countries with Iraqi refugees and invites these countries to inform the international community about the support they need to cope with the situation; 2. Recognises also the efforts made by non-border countries of the region such as Egypt to assist Iraqi refugees; asks these countries to pursue their efforts in favour of the Iraqi refugees by keeping their borders open and improving conditions for them, respecting their fundamental rights and ensuring their access to basic services such as health and education with the support of the international community;