WRITTEN QUESTION P-2227/05 by Paulo Casaca (PSE) to the Commission (14 June 2005) Subject: Commission compliance with a ruling of the Court of Justice I was extremely surprised to learn, from the answer to my Question H-0431/05 Written answer of 7 June 2005. , that the Commission is still ignorant of the essential details of Case C-282/00, even though I have been in contact with it on innumerable occasions (through questions, letters, and meetings) and the Portuguese authorities have already explained the position over and over again. Prompted by an application for an interim injunction, supported by the Commission, to prevent refined sugar being shipped from the Autonomous Region of the Azores, Ponta Delgada Local Court requested a preliminary ruling from the Court of Justice, which responded by stating that the final decision should rest with the Portuguese courts (Case C‑282/00). On the basis of that ruling, the Ponta Delgada court decided that there were no grounds for the injunction. The Lisbon Court of Appeal, in the first place, and, most recently, the Supreme Court (that is to say, the Portuguese Supreme Court, since there is no such court in the Azores) both decided — the judgment of the latter court was delivered on 20 May — to uphold the ruling resulting from the decision of the Court of Justice and dismiss the application. In other words, the courts (both European and Portuguese) have rejected the Commission’s view, notwithstanding the Commission’s renewed denial of that fact. The Portuguese Government consequently cannot comply with the demands which the Commission has put forward in the infringement proceedings, because it cannot violate rulings handed down by European and national courts. The proceedings that gave rise to the preliminary ruling are thus over, and the final decision has been taken. There are, however, other proceedings, relating to the matter fundamentally at issue, which are still ongoing. Out of the respect with which I must treat the judiciary, I shall naturally refrain from speculating on the eventual outcome. Could the Commission not do likewise, cease its meddling, and abide by the court rulings?