the entire rail network to be opened up to national, as well as international, freight transport (see, for example, Amendment 15 to the European Parliament's legislative resolution of 5 July 2000). It should be pointed out, in relation to TERFN, which comprises all major international rail freight connections and some 80% of the EU rail freight network as a whole, that adoption of this directive, with probable implementation in 2003 or later, would also abolish that network. Over and above this acceleration of the process of opening up of the whole rail freight network, all provisions relating to safety are being deleted in the proposal in order to rule out any duplication with the safety directive also proposed with the second railways package. That applies in particular to Article 7, paragraph 2, which had hitherto laid down the allocation of safety responsibilities between Member States, railway undertaking and independent bodies. Those provisions are specified in the proposal for a safety directive. The question of the future treatment of passenger transport by rail is of course addressed in the Commission communication 'Towards an integrated European railway area' Cf. second package accompanying COM(2002) 18 , pp. 36ff. . The Commission is in any event calling, on the basis of studies commissioned by it, for priority to be given in passenger transport to progressive opening up of the network in three stages. That approach would provide initially for the full opening up of the market in niches providing regular services (night trains and car trains, with cabotage options), then an opening up of all cross-border connections, including long-distance and high-speed trains, without a cabotage option, and finally the complete liberalisation of all cross-border connections, including cabotage options. The Commission has agreed that it will 'examine further all these issues with a view to making proposals as appropriate' COM(2002) 18 , Section 2.2.2.. , but without as yet fixing a specific date. This change of approach by the Commission surprises you rapporteur. For the European Parliament had already, with good reason, on the occasion of the first railway package, called for the opening up of the whole rail network to international passenger transport (see, for example, Amendment 16 to the European Parliament's legislative resolution at second reading of 5 July 2000). Your rapporteur's position and the amendments tabled The Commission proposal for the amendment of the directive on the development of the Community's railways