Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the recommendation of the Committee on International Trade ( A7-0295/2011 ), 1. Consents to conclusion of the Agreement; 2. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council, the Commission and the governments and parliaments of the Member States and of New Zealand. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT With the accession of Bulgaria and Romania, the EU has enlarged its customs union. Consequently, the EU was obliged under WTO rules (GATT Article XXIV:6) to enter into negotiations with WTO Members having negotiating rights in the schedules of any of the acceding Members in order to agree on compensatory adjustment. Such adjustment is due if the adoption of the EU’s external tariff regime results in an increase in tariff beyond the level for which the acceding country has bound itself at the WTO, whilst taking ‘due account of reductions of duties on the same tariff line made by other constituents of the customs union upon its formation’. The procedure set forth in Article XXVIII GATT WTO ANALYTICAL INDEX: GATT 1994, General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994, XV. Article XIV ( http://www.wto.org/english/res_e/booksp_e / analytic_index_e/gatt1994_06_e.htm#article14 ) , as elaborated in the guidelines adopted on 10 November 1980 (BISD 27S/26-28) General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade C/113, 5 November 1980, Council 10 November 1980, Procedures for negotiations under article XXVIII and in the Understanding on the Interpretation of Article XVIII of 1994 WTO, Uruguay Round Agreement: Understanding on the Interpretation of Article XXIV of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 ( http://ww w .wto.org/english/docs_e/legal_e/10-24_e.htm ) are to be followed. The aim is to agree on a mutually satisfactory compensatory adjustment in order to offset the increase in bound duties. Both parties have an interest in reaching an agreement. In case an agreement is not reached, the customs may still modify or withdraw the concessions, but the affected Members are then free to withdraw substantially equivalent concessions in accordance with Article XXVIII GATT (not necessarily on the same tariff line). The procedure starts when the contracting party intended to negotiate for the modification or withdrawal transmits a notification to the WTO secretariat. That contracting party should also provide all the relevant documents to inform the WTO secretariat of the tariff lines involved, the most important trading partners and trade volumes and values involved. Any party which considers it has a principle or a substantial supplying interest in