of waste treatment when waste is shipped out of the Union , on the minimum requirements and methodology for calculating the financial guarantees, on the definition of ‘very small volume WEEE’ and of ‘micro enterprises working on a very small surface area’ ; in respect of the adaptation of Annexes IV, VII, VIII and IX to scientific and technical progress ; and in respect of the adoption of more detailed provisions on inspection and monitoring . It is of particular importance that the Commission carry out appropriate consultations during its preparatory work, including at expert level. The Commission, when preparing and drawing up delegated acts, should ensure a simultaneous, timely and appropriate transmission of the relevant documents to the European Parliament and to the Council. Justification The recital lists all the delegated acts laid down in the directive. Reinstatement of Parliament’s first-reading position. Amendment 14 Council position Article 1 Council position Amendment This Directive lays down measures to protect the environment and human health by preventing or reducing the adverse impacts of the generation and management of waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) and by reducing overall impacts of resource use and improving the efficiency of such use. This Directive lays down measures to protect the environment and human health by preventing or reducing the adverse impacts of the generation and management of waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) and by reducing negative impacts of resource use and improving the efficiency of such use , in accordance with Articles 1 and 4 of Directive 2008/98/EC . This Directive requires all operators involved in product life cycles to improve their environmental standards, thereby contributing to sustainable production and recovery. Justification The reference to the principles underpinning the Waste Framework Directive (waste avoidance and hierarchy of waste) was included only in Recital 6. Since the original WEEE directive emphasised the responsibility of all stakeholders to protect the environment, the recast directive should certainly do the same. The 2003 WEEE Directive provides, through a comprehensive life-cycle approach, for improvements to the environmental standards of all operators who deal with EEE or WEEE. This is an aspect of the legislation that ought to be retained and the reference to it should not, therefore, be deleted from Article 1. Amendment 15 Council position Article 2 – paragraph 1 Council position Amendment This Directive shall apply to electrical and electronic equipment (EEE) as follows : This