major environmental catastrophes threatening safety, stability and security. 2. The Rapid Reaction Facility may be triggered when there arises, in the recipient countries concerned, a situation of crisis or emerging crisis, a situation threatening law and order, public security and public safety, or a situation threatening to degenerate into armed conflict or to destabilise the country and if that situation is likely to undermine the benefits of the assistance and cooperation policies and programmes, their effectiveness and/or the conditions for their proper implementation. (Amendment 19) Article 1(3), introduction 3. The Rapid Reaction Facility builds upon the scope of intervention of existing Community regulations, with the exception of ECHO regulation, Regulation (EC) No 1257/96. Its specific added-value is represented by the rapidity of interventions in situations of high tension and by the possibility of mixing different instruments of intervention in order to achieve a comprehensive and coherent action in security-related emergencies. If actions provided for by this Regulation fall under the scope of other regulations, this Regulation shall apply only if: 3. The Rapid Reaction Facility builds upon the objectives of existing Community regulations and programmes listed by way of example in Annex I, with the exception of ECHO regulation, Regulation (EC) No 1257/96. Actions that normally fall within the objectives of the regulations listed by way of example in Annex I may be taken under this Regulation if: (Amendment 20) Article 1(3), second subparagraph (new) If necessary the financing of the action can be ensured by a mobilisation of the appropriations available in the emergency reserve ( B7-9 ). (Amendment 21) Article 2(1) 1. The principal objectives of actions under the Rapid Reaction Facility shall be, in situations of crisis or emerging crisis, the preservation or re-establishment of conditions of public order, security and safety, the facilitation of dialogue, conciliation and mediation among different groups within a society and the fight against human-rights abuses, ethnic, religious, and gender discrimination, and violence. 1. Under the Rapid Reaction Facility it shall be possible to undertake, in situations of crisis or emerging crisis, civil operations to preserve or re-establish the conditions of stability required for proper and successful implementation of the aid, assistance and cooperation policies and programmes in Article 1 and fulfilment of the objectives assigned to them. (Amendment 22) Article 2(2) 2. Interventions financed under this Regulation may comprise any non-combat activities aimed at counteracting or resolving emerging crises and serious