WRITTEN QUESTION E-3247/04 by Elly de Groen-Kouwenhoven (Verts/ALE) to the Commission (7 December 2004) Subject: Clarification of the situation with regard to the EU Delegation in Bulgaria 1. Could the Commission confirm that the Head of the European Commission's Delegation in Bulgaria and the Civil Society Adviser to the Delegation visited Plovdiv in the summer of this year and negotiated with the Plovdiv Municipality about the provision of EUR 6 million in EU aid for a project for the reconstruction of the housing infrastructure of the Turkish and Roma ghetto, Stolipinovo, in Plovdiv? Could the Commission indicate why the programming of this project has not been made public? 2. Why did the EU representatives in these negotiations referred to in the first question not require participation in the projects' programming by local councils on ethnic and demographic issues? Do such councils actually meet in the Plovdiv Municipality and in the office of the Plovdiv Regional Governor and include representatives of the Turkish and Roma communities in Plovdiv? Why was participation in the programming of the projects by these minority communities not required, given that at least 40000 Turks and Roma live in Plovdiv and that openness and interethnic tolerance have been traditional in this city for centuries? The special audit report of the Bulgaria National Court of Auditors notes that 1000 poor Roma and Turks will not benefit from the planned housing because European funds are disappearing as a result of the uncontrolled expenditure of the construction firms. This occurs because the programming and management are not transparent. 3. Why was the participation referred to in question 2 not required, given that in the same city, a housing project for disadvantaged Roma and Turks, for which EUR 5.4 million was provided by The Development Bank of the Council of Europe, is failing because of corruption and a lack of transparency and that, in its special audit report, the Bulgaria National Court of Auditors found, after reports in the media, that EUR 1.25 million had been mismanaged? 4. Are the EU representatives referred to in questions 1 and 3 following the same policy - replacing the traditions of interethnic tolerance by the ‘new’ tradition of non-transparency, which opens the door for financial mismanagement by the EU? What will the Commission do about this? At least 40000 Turks and Roma in Plovdiv currently live in dangerous housing conditions, inherited from the Communist