Article 15 – paragraph 2 – point d Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (d) he shall organise an effective monitoring system in order to be able to compare the Agency's achievements with its objectives and tasks as laid down in this Regulation. He shall ensure that the Agency's organisational structure will be regularly adapted to the evolving needs within the available financial and human resources. On this basis the Executive Director shall prepare a draft general report each year and submit it to the Administrative Board. The report shall include a dedicated section concerning the financial execution of the detailed plan for the Agency's pollution preparedness and response activities and give an update of the status of all actions funded under that plan. He shall establish regular evaluation procedures that meet recognised professional standards; (d) he/she shall organise an effective monitoring system in order to be able to compare the Agency's achievements with its objectives and tasks as laid down in this Regulation. To this end, he/she shall establish, in agreement with the Commission, tailored performance indicators allowing for an effective assessment of the results achieved. He/she shall ensure that the Agency's organisational structure will be regularly adapted to the evolving needs within the available financial and human resources. On this basis the Executive Director shall prepare a draft general report each year and submit it to the Administrative Board. The report shall include a dedicated section concerning the financial execution of the detailed plan for the Agency's pollution preparedness and response activities and give an update of the status of all actions funded under that plan. He/she shall establish regular evaluation procedures that meet recognised professional standards; Justification In line with the principles of Activity based management and Activity based budgeting (ABM-ABB), the Agency's work programme and annual activity report should provide information on the resources allocated to the activities which are necessary to reach the Agency's objectives and on the overall performance in achieving these objectives. Amendment 71 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 5 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 16 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. The Executive Director shall be appointed and dismissed by the Administrative Board. The appointment shall be made from a list of candidates proposed by the Commission for a period of five years on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well