with 2 000 ml isopropanol/water mixture (4.3.3) at a rate of 10-30 ml/min. The exchange column is now in the OH-form and ready for operation. 4.4.4. Ion-exchange procedure Connect the exchange columns so that the cation-exchange column is placed on top of the anion-exchange column. Heat the exchange columns to 50 째C using thermostatic control. Heat 5 000 ml of the solution obtained in item 4.4.2 to 60 째C and pass the solution through the exchanger combination at a rate of 20 ml/min. Wash the columns with 1 000 ml hot isopropanol/water mixture (4.3.3). To obtain the anionic surface active agents (MBAS), disconnect the KAT column. Using 5 000 ml ethanol/CO 2 solution at 50 째C (4.3.4), elute the soap fatty acids out of the KAT column. Reject the eluate. Then elute the MBAS out of the AAT column with 5 000 ml ammonium bicarbonate solution (4.3.5). Evaporate the eluate to dryness using a steam bath or in a rotary evaporator. The residue contains the MBAS (as ammonium salt) and possible non-surfactant anionics that have no detrimental effect on the biodegradation test. Add deionised water to the residue until a definite volume is obtained and determine the MBAS content in an aliquot. The solution is used as a standard solution of the anionic synthetic detergents for the biodegradation test. The solution should be kept at a temperature below 5 째C. 4.4.5. Regeneration of ion exchange resins The cation exchanger is rejected after use. Passing an additional quantity of ammonium bicarbonate solution (4.3.5) down the column at a flow rate of approximately 10 ml/min until the eluate is free from anionic surfactants (methylene blue test) regenerates the anion-exchange resin. Then pass 2 000 ml isopropanol/water mixture (4.3.3) down the anion exchanger to wash. The anion exchanger is again ready for operation. 5. Preliminary treatment of non-ionic surfactants to be tested 5.1. Preliminary notes 5.1.1 Treatment of samples The treatment of non-ionic surface-active agents and formulated detergents prior to the determination of primary biodegradability in the confirmatory test is: Products Treatment Non-ionic surfactants None Formulated detergents Alcoholic extraction followed by separation of the non-ionic surfactants by ion exchange The purpose of the alcoholic extraction is to eliminate the insoluble and inorganic ingredients of the commercial product, which in some circumstances might upset the biodegradability test. 5.1.2. Ion-exchange procedure Isolation and separation of non-ionic surface active agents from soap, anionic and cationic surfactants