budgetary resources. The Commission is proposing that 80% of funding be allocated to the Member States. This would mean that all of the European added value would be lost, and above all it would give a blank cheque to Member States to pursue national objectives. The example of the funding of personnel costs is very revealing. In your rapporteur's view, European funding for the environment must not be used to make up for the financial deficits experienced by Member States in order to fund personnel costs in the field of the environment, but must be used to implement European projects. With regard to the implementation of the programme, your rapporteur takes the view that it should be organised on the basis of objective criteria and not on the basis of automatic redistribution of Community funds to the Member States. The other aspect which should be reemphasised is the importance of involving civil society, in particular through NGOs and habitat committees, in the process of drawing up multiannual programmes and national annual programmes. Parliament must also, upon submission of Commission communications, be informed about the various phases of programming. Parliament must be able to exercise its power of scrutiny. Of course, LIFE+ could have benefited from an ambitious budget. In this context, the strategy being developed by the Commission of integrating environmental aspects into other policy instruments is not yet tried and tested. Apart from the financial instrument, Parliament will need to pay particular attention to the way in which the Gothenburg sustainable development strategy is taken into account in funding, particularly with regard to transport, fisheries and development policy and pre-accession measures. We have a major responsibility. Biodiversity is a continuous, dynamic process, which must be supported. Given that areas of Europe form a tapestry of complex biological relationships, helping ensure the sustainability of our societies, areas with a great diversity of species must be accorded central importance within Europe. And because European policy first and foremost serves the interests of the peoples of Europe, it is imperative to ensure that an essential and irreplaceable resource is conserved for them. Climate change is the other challenge to which we must rise. Underpinning the fight against rises in temperature, LIFE+ provides financial support for new technologies, in particular those designed to achieve energy efficiency. In this area, LIFE+ should support the innovative measures which European citizens wish to see. Conclusion Your