Reply (1 March 2010) The Honourable Member refers to the outcome of the December European Council EUCO 6/09. (10‑11 December 2009), which agreed to allocate fast-start funding of EUR 2,4 billion annually for the years 2010 to 2012 to help developing countries to fight climate change and build climate-resilient economies. This pledge was made in the context of international climate negotiations in Copenhagen. The purpose of fast-start international public support is, as previously mentioned, to help developing countries to prepare for effective and efficient action in the medium and longer term and avoid delay of ambitious action, with special emphasis on least developed countries. In this sense, fast-start international public support should contribute to enhance action on mitigation, adaptation, technology development and transfer and capacity-building. Under the ‘Copenhagen Accord’ of which the Conference took note on 18 December 2009, developed countries collectively undertake to provide new and additional resources, including forestry and investments through international institutions, approaching USD 30 billion for the period 2010 to 2012; this figure includes the above EU pledge. Funding for adaptation should be prioritised for the most vulnerable developing countries, such as the least developed countries, small island developing states and Africa. In the context of meaningful mitigation actions and transparency on implementation, developed countries should commit to a goal of mobilising jointly USD 100 billion a year by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries. This funding should come from a wide variety of sources, public and private, bilateral and multilateral, including alternative sources of finance. To this end, a High Level Panel will be established under the guidance of and accountable to the Conference of the Parties to study the contribution of the potential sources of revenue, including alternative sources of finance, towards meeting this goal. Finally, the ‘Copenhagen Accord’ states that a Copenhagen Green Climate Fund shall be established as an operating entity of the financial mechanism of the Convention to support projects, programmes, policies and other activities in developing countries related to mitigation including reduction of emissions from deforestation and forest degradation, adaptation, capacity-building, technology development and transfer. In its conclusions of 17 November 2009 16071/09. , the Council had already underlined the importance of strengthening coherence between climate change and development in order to successfully achieve internationally agreed climate and development objectives, ensuring that the fight against poverty and the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) are not