Answer given by Mr Verheugen on behalf of the Commission (10 January 2008) Actos (pioglitazone) and Avandia (rosiglitazone) are centrally authorised medicinal products meaning that the Commission is the Competent Authority and that the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) and its Committee for Human Medicinal Products (CHMP) are responsible for the scientific evaluation of the medicinal products including the initial evaluation for marketing authorisation and the evaluation of any new information about the safety of the products. At the time of the initial authorisation of both Actos and Avandia it was judged that both products were associated with a risk of fluid retention and that long-term cardiovascular safety data were insufficient. On this basis the use of these medicines was contra-indicated in patients with cardiac failure or with history of cardiac failure. The safety of all centrally authorised medicines is kept under review by the EMEA and CHMP. This includes review of individual case reports of suspected adverse reactions, periodic safety update reports submitted by the marketing authorisation holders and study results both those published in the scientific literature and those submitted by the marketing authorisation holders. Serious cardiac disorders have been reported with the use of these medicines. Since the initial authorisation of Actos and Avandia, the EMEA/CHMP has kept these medicines under close surveillance for cardiovascular effects (cardiac failure and other cardiac disorders including myocardial infarction). The product information for these medicines has been regularly updated to include further information about the risk of cardiac events. Over recent months the EMEA/CHMP has again reviewed all the relevant data including recently published articles which had raised concern about an increased risk of cardiovascular adverse effects (especially myocardial infarction) in patients with type 2 diabetes treated with this class of diabetes treatment. In October 2007, the CHMP finalised its re-evaluation of the benefit risk balance of both pioglitazone and rosiglitazone. Having assessed all available data, the CHMP concluded that the benefits of both rosiglitazone and pioglitazone in the treatment of type 2 diabetes continue to outweigh their risks. However EMEA/CHMP considered that the cardiovascular safety of these medicines should be regularly re-evaluated based on safety reports submitted by the marketing authorisation holders and in the case of new relevant information becoming available. Regarding the prescribing information for these products, CHMP has recommended new warnings for rosiglitazone products, specifically that, in patients with ischaemic heart disease, rosiglitazone should only be used after