city, C. whereas Mr Chebeya Bahizire's work in the defence of democracy and human rights in the DRC since the 1990s – on issues including corruption in the military, links between militias and foreign political forces, upholding of the constitution, illegal arrests, arbitrary detention and the improvement of prison conditions – earned him the respect and admiration of his compatriots and of the international community, D. whereas Fidèle Bazana Edadi, Mr Chebeya Bahizire's driver, is still missing, E. whereas Mr Chebeya Bahizire's family was not authorised to have full access to his body and there are contradictory statements regarding the condition of the body when it was found, F. whereas the UN Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, Philip Alston, said the circumstances of the killing ‘strongly suggest official responsibility’, G. whereas Inspector General Numbi Banza Tambo was suspended until further notice and three other police officers were also arrested in connection with the killing; whereas deputy police chief Colonel Daniel Mukalayi has reportedly confessed to killing Mr Chebeya Bahizire on the order of his superior, General Numbi Banza Tambo, H. whereas Mr Chebeya Bahizire had told Amnesty International on several occasions that he felt he had been followed and that he was under surveillance by the security services, I. whereas Vice-President of the Commission/ High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Catherine Ashton, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay, UN Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions Philip Alston and Alan Dos, Head of the UN Peacekeeping Force in the DRC, have all issued statements condemning the murder of Mr Chebeya Bahizire and have called for an independent investigation, J. whereas the killing is part of a growing trend of intimidation and harassment of human rights defenders, journalists, political opponents, victims and witnesses in the DRC; whereas numerous journalists and human rights activists have been killed in suspicious circumstances in the DRC in the past five years, K. whereas many NGOs had observed increased oppression of human rights defenders in the DRC in the past year, including illegal arrests, prosecutions, telephone threats and repeated summoning to the offices of the intelligence services, L. whereas inquiries into the killings of human rights defender Pascal Kabungulu Kibembi in 2005 and of journalists, including Franck Ngycke Kangundu and his wife, Hélène Mpaka, in November 2005, Serge Maheshe in June