accountability, especially at an early stage of the procedure Special attention needs to be given to negotiations taking place at those stages of the procedure, where the visibility within Parliament is very limited. This is the case for negotiations: before the committee vote at first reading with the aim of reaching a first-reading agreement; after Parliament's first reading with the aim of reaching an early second-reading agreement. . It is complementary to the "Joint Declaration on practical arrangements for the codecision procedure" agreed between Parliament, the Council and the Commission See Annex XX. which focuses more on the relationship between these institutions. Within Parliament, the lead parliamentary committee shall be the main responsible body during negotiations both at first and second reading. 2. Decision to enter into negotiations As a general rule, Parliament shall make use of all possibilities offered at all stages of the ordinary legislative procedure. The decision to seek to achieve an agreement early in the legislative process shall be a case-by-case decision, taking account of the distinctive characteristics of each individual file. It shall be politically justified in terms of, for example, political priorities; the uncontroversial or "technical" nature of the proposal; an urgent situation and/or the attitude of a given Presidency to a specific file. The possibility of entering into negotiations with the Council shall be presented by the rapporteur to the full committee and the decision to pursue such a course of action shall be taken either by broad consensus or, if necessary, by a vote. 3. Composition of negotiating team The decision by the committee to enter into negotiations with the Council and the Commission in view of an agreement shall also include a decision on the composition of the EP negotiating team. As a general principle, political balance shall be respected and all political groups shall be represented at least at staff level in these negotiations. The relevant service of the EP General Secretariat shall be responsible for the practical organisation of the negotiations. 4. Mandate of the negotiating team As a general rule, the amendments adopted in committee or in plenary shall form the basis for the mandate of the EP negotiating team. The committee may also determine priorities and a time limit for negotiations. In the exceptional case of negotiations on a first reading agreement before the vote in committee, the committee shall provide guidance to the EP negotiating team.