for control by Member States of the Commission's exercise of implementing powers OJ L 55, 28.2.2011, p. 13. . (19) The European Statistical System Committee has been consulted, HAVE ADOPTED THIS REGULATION: Article 1 Subject matter This Regulation establishes a common framework for the collection, compilation, transmission and evaluation of European environmental economic accounts, for the purpose of setting up environmental economic accounts as satellite accounts to ESA 95, by providing methodology, common standards, definitions, classifications and accounting rules intended to be used for compiling environmental economic accounts. Article 2 Definitions For the purposes of this Regulation the following definitions shall apply: (1) ‘air emission’ means the physical flow of gaseous or particulate materials from the national economy (production or consumption processes) to the atmosphere (as part of the environmental system); (2) ‘environmentally related tax’ means a tax whose tax base is a physical unit (or a proxy of a physical unit) of something that has a proven, specific negative impact on the environment , and which is identified in ESA-95 as a tax; (3) ‘economy-wide material flow accounts (EW-MFA)’ means consistent compilations of the ▌material inputs into national economies, the changes of material stock within the economy and the material outputs to other economies or to the environment. Article 3 Modules 1. The environmental economic accounts to be compiled within the common framework referred to in Article 1 shall be grouped in the following modules: (a) a module for air emissions accounts, as set out in Annex I; (b) a module for environmentally related taxes by economic activity, as set out in Annex II; (c) a module for economy-wide material flow accounts, as set out in Annex III. 2. Each Annex shall contain the following information: (a) the objectives for which the accounts are to be compiled; (b) the coverage of the accounts; (c) the list of characteristics for which data are to be compiled and transmitted; (d) the first reference year, frequency and transmission deadlines for the compilation of the accounts; (e) the reporting tables; (f) the maximum duration of the transitional periods referred to in Article 8 during which the Commission may grant derogations. 3. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts , where necessary to take account of environmental, economic and technical developments, in accordance with Article 9 : (a) to provide methodological guidance ; and (b) to update the Annexes referred to in