or third parties acting on his behalf. This derogation shall apply only to shipments to countries to which Decision C(2001)107/Final of the OECD Council concerning the revision of Decision C(92)39/Final on control of transboundary movements of wastes destined for recovery operations applies. In the event that EEE covered by this derogation cannot be repaired or refurbished , it shall be considered to be WEEE. 3. In order to demonstrate that the items being shipped are used EEE rather than WEEE, Member States shall require the following steps for testing and record keeping for used EEE to be carried out: 3. In order to demonstrate that the items being shipped are used EEE rather than WEEE, Member States shall require the following steps for testing and record keeping for used EEE to be carried out: Step 1: Testing Step 1: Testing a) Functionality shall be tested and the presence of hazardous substances shall be evaluated. The tests to be conducted depend on the kind of EEE. For most of the used EEE a functionality test of the key functions is sufficient. a) Functionality shall be tested and the presence of hazardous substances shall be evaluated. The tests to be conducted depend on the kind of EEE. For most of the used EEE a functionality test of the key functions is sufficient. b) Results of evaluation and testing shall be recorded. b) Results of evaluation and testing shall be recorded. Step 2: Record Step 2: Record a) The record shall be fixed securely but not permanently on either the EEE itself (if not packed) or on the packaging so it can be read without unpacking the equipment. a) The record shall be fixed securely but not permanently on either the EEE itself (if not packed) or on the packaging so it can be read without unpacking the equipment. b) The record shall contain the following information: b) The record shall contain the following information: – Name of item (Name of the equipment if listed in Annex II or Annex IV, as appropriate, and category set out in Annex I or Annex III , as appropriate); – Name of item (Name of the equipment if listed in Annex IV and category set out in Annex III); – Identification Number of the item (type no.) where applicable; – Identification Number of the item (type no.) where applicable; – Year of Production (if available); –