Answer given by Ms Kroes on behalf of the Commission (9 December 2009) The Protocol on the system of public broadcasting in the Member States attached to the Treaty of Amsterdam (the Amsterdam protocol) sets out in broad terms the conditions under which state aid can be used to fund public service broadcasters http://eur-lex.europa.eu/en/treaties/dat/11997D/htm/11997D.html#0109010012 . This Protocol is the central pillar of the Commission's state aid policy in the public broadcasting sector. Under the terms of the Amsterdam Protocol, Member States have a wide discretion as regards the definition of the public service remit. The role of the Commission is limited to checking for manifest errors § 48 of the 2009 Broadcasting Communication (Communication from the Commission on the application of state aid rules to public service broadcasting, OJ C 257, 27.10.2009). . Thus, whether the BBC should be limited to ‘educating’ and ‘informing’ on TV and radio only, is not for the Commission to decide. It is equally not part of the Commission's competence to regulate how the BBC remunerates its staff. Turning to the BBC's online services, the Commission generally considers that public service broadcasters may use the opportunities offered by digitisation and the diversification of distribution platforms on a technology neutral basis, for the benefit of society § 81 of the 2009 Broadcasting Communication. . Thus, the BBC may use, inter alia , the Internet to distribute its content. However, the Commission requests Member States to assess ex ante , by means of an open public consultation whether new audiovisual services planned by a public service broadcaster fulfil the material conditions set out in the Amsterdam Protocol. Publicly financed audiovisual services must serve the democratic, social and cultural needs of a society, while duly taking into account the potential effects on trading conditions and competition § 84 of the 2009 Broadcasting Communication. . To the Commission's knowledge, the BBC has submitted its online services (the BBC I Player) to such a prior evaluation and it fine-tuned the service by limiting its scope to reduce its potential for distorting competition http://www.bbc.co.uk/bbctrust/consult/closed_consultations/ondemand.html . It is up to the UK authorities to assess whether the BBC fails to respect the qualitative criteria of its public service remit. Only if this national supervision of the BBC's public service remit was ineffective, there would be grounds to raise state aid issues in that respect § 54 of the 2009 Broadcasting Communication. .