the vote. Malcolm HARBOUR (EPP-ED, UK) said the proposed directive's objective was to clarify and harmonise existing patent law. Companies were receiving patents in one country but not in another. He questioned whether the draft directive would achieve this objective as much of the proposed text was opaque and went in the wrong direction. He stated that the proposed directive may be outdated and companies should be able to protect, for example, their instructions that operate digital technologies. He wondered whether it was not time to start again. Vote: Wednesday at noon. Statements President Ciampi of Italy in formal address to MEPs Address by Mr Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, President of the Italian Republic 05.07.2005 The President of Italy Carlo Azeglio CIAMPI was warmly welcomed by Parliament President Josep BORRELL at the start of the formal sitting. He was praised by President Borrell for his contribution to European construction and his "lucid passion for building Europe as a guarantor of peace, democracy and economic development". Noting the current period of disenchantment in Europe, he welcomed President Ciampi's symbolic and timely presence. President Ciampi thanked the House and President Borrell for the warm and affectionate welcome in the " highest forum of European democracy ". He began by saying that Europe was more than just an economic union. " Europe is not and cannot be just an economic free trade area. It is primarily a political area, a constitutional organism which links to, complements and completes our own national constitutions ". It was because of this unity that Europe was strong enough to recover from the ' no ' votes. He warned against the temptation to question the very idea of Europe. The French and Dutch referendums were a " scapegoat for a more general disenchantment " over exclusion from the decision-making process and lack of economic growth, he said. And Europe needs a Constitution, he stressed. Quoting the Spanish philosopher, Jose Ortego Y Gassett, he said " A Union needs a skeleton of cohesion policies - physical, social and economic ." In this spirit, he called for greater cohesion in the Union, adding that distortions and disparities in living conditions between countries were not acceptable. His address was at one point interrupted by a group of Northern League MEPs waving their flag before they were escorted out of the Chamber on the demand of President Borrell. He went on to say