Council on the protection of animals used for scientific purposes [06106/1/2010 - C7-0147/2010 - 2008/0211(COD) ] - Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development. Rapporteur: Elisabeth Jeggle ( A7-0230/2010 ) Elisabeth Jeggle introduced the recommendation for second reading. The following spoke: John Dalli (Member of the Commission) . The following spoke: Herbert Dorfmann , on behalf of the PPE Group, Daciana Octavia Sârbu , on behalf of the S&D Group, Marit Paulsen , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Jill Evans , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Janusz Wojciechowski , on behalf of the ECR Group, Marisa Matias , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, and Giancarlo Scottà , on behalf of the EFD Group . IN THE CHAIR: Stavros LAMBRINIDIS Vice-President The following spoke: Mike Nattrass , Non-attached Member, Martin Kastler , Paolo De Castro , George Lyon , Carl Schlyter , John Stuart Agnew , Miroslav Mikolášik , Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos , Jorgo Chatzimarkakis , Maria do Céu Patrão Neves , Ulrike Rodust , Cristiana Muscardini and Elisabetta Gardini . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Rareş-Lucian Niculescu , Anna Záborská , Karin Kadenbach , Frédérique Ries , Martin Häusling , João Ferreira , Anna Rosbach , Laima Liucija Andrikienė , Paul Rübig and Elisabeth Köstinger . The following spoke: John Dalli and Elisabeth Jeggle . The debate closed. Vote: minutes of 8.9.2010, item 6.1 . 5 Ongoing negotiations on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (debate) Commission statement: Ongoing negotiations on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement Karel De Gucht (Member of the Commission) made the statement. The following spoke: Daniel Caspary , on behalf of the PPE Group, Kader Arif , on behalf of the S&D Group, Niccolò Rinaldi , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Jan Philipp Albrecht , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group , Syed Kamall , on behalf of the ECR Group, Helmut Scholz , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Francesco Enrico Speroni , on behalf of the EFD Group, and Angelika Werthmann , Non-attached Member . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Elisabeth Köstinger , Monika Flašíková Beňová , Carl Schlyter , Françoise Castex , Andrew Henry William Brons , Sidonia Elżbieta Jędrzejewska , Eva Lichtenberger , Martin Ehrenhauser and Christian Engström . The following spoke: Karel De Gucht . The debate closed. (The sitting was suspended at 12.00 pending voting time and resumed at 12.05.) IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT