confidential; (b) evidence given in confidence in accordance with Article 5.3 above. Article 14 Public access to documents held by the Ombudsman 14.1. . The public shall have access to documents held by the Ombudsman, which do not relate to inquiries, subject to the same conditions and limits as those laid down by Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2001 regarding public access to European Parliament, Council and Commission documents (OJ L 145, 31.5.2001, p. 43). for public access to European Parliament, Council and Commission documents. 14.2. The public may request access to inquiry-related documents held by the Ombudsman, provided that the complaint has not been classified as confidential at the request of the complainant, or by the Ombudsman pursuant to Article 10.1 above. Access shall not be given to: (a) documents or information obtained by virtue of Article 5.1 or 5.2 above which have been identified to the Ombudsman as confidential; (b) evidence given in confidence, in accordance with Article 5.3 above; (c) those parts of its opinion and replies to any further inquiries which, in accordance with Article 4.5 above, the institution concerned has requested should be disclosed only to the complainant. The applicant shall be informed of the reason or reasons which the institution concerned has given for its request; (d) a document the disclosure of which would prejudice the integrity of an on-going inquiry. 14.3. Applications for access to documents shall be made in writing (letter, fax or e-mail) and in a sufficiently precise manner to enable the document to be identified. 14.4. Access is given on the spot or by providing a copy. The Ombudsman may impose reasonable charges for the supply of copies. The method of calculation of any charge is explained. 14.5. Decisions on applications for public access are made within 15 working days from receipt. In exceptional cases, the time-limit may be extended by 15 working days; the applicant is notified in advance of the extension and detailed reasons are given. 14.6. If an application for access to a document is refused in whole or in part reasons are given for the refusal. Article 15 Languages 15.1. A complaint may be submitted to the Ombudsman in any of the Treaty languages. The Ombudsman is not required to deal with complaints submitted in other languages. 15.2. The language of proceedings