would mean accepting the Draft Budget. This is not estimated to be an option that could fulfil the real needs of the institutions. 2. To restore the PDB partially, leaving an adequate margin of around EUR 20-70 million . This would mean accepting all justified posts and restoring unreasonable cuts made by the Council. A part of the expenditure could still though remain unrestored. This option could be combined if necessary with setting a part of the salary appropriations in the reserve. 3. To restore the PDB fully (with the exception of Council’s administrative budget) leaving a limited margin of around EUR 20 million In the PDB for 2006, the margin below the Heading 5 ceiling amounts EUR 10.2 million after adjustment to take account of Council’s final estimate. In the DB, the Council cut its final estimate by EUR –10.5 million. The margin would thus amount to EUR 20.5 million. . This would mean accepting all posts requested and adopting the PDB figures for the Commission and the other institutions with the exception of the Council. This would mean that the Commission and the other institutions would receive all appropriations it requested in the PDB. This option could also be combined with setting a part of the salary appropriations in the reserve. 4. To go beyond the PDB by increasing appropriations leaving no margin . This is a theoretical option to maximise the 2006 budget in view of possible no agreement of the financial perspective after 2006. This would mean going above the request made by the institutions in the PDB. Summary of the options In EUR million OPTION 1 Accept DB OPTION 2 Restore PDB partially OPTION 3 Restore PDB fully OPTION 4 No margin – beyond PDB Margin in the PDB 10 10 10 10 Council’s adm. budget 10 10 10 10 Commission and other sections (incl. EP, excl. Council) 110 0 -50 0 - 20 (increasing expenditure and decreasing margin) TOTAL MARGIN 130 20 - 70 20 0 Conclusion In the July conciliation, the EP delegation supported the need to keep an adequate margin under Heading 5, but criticised the method used by the Council. There seems to be a relatively significant divergence between the two arms of the budgetary authority as to what the adequate margin should be and to how far the budgetary rigour can be applied without jeopardising the functioning of the institutions.