be placed on the agenda of a sitting of Parliament to be held within six or, if extended, eight weeks of the date of approval of the joint text by the Conciliation Committee. 2. The Chair or another designated member of Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee shall make a statement on the joint text, which shall be accompanied by a report. 3. No amendments may be tabled to the joint text. 4. The joint text as a whole shall be the subject of a single vote. The joint text shall be approved if it secures a majority of the votes cast. 5. If no agreement is reached on a joint text within the Conciliation Committee, the Chair or another designated member of Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee shall make a statement. This statement shall be followed by a debate. CHAPTER 6 CONCLUSION OF THE LEGISLATIVE PROCEDURE Rule 70 Interinstitutional negotiations in legislative procedures 1. Negotiations with the other institutions aimed at reaching an agreement in the course of a legislative procedure shall be conducted having regard to the Code of Conduct for negotiating in the context of the ordinary legislative procedure See Annex XXI. . 2. Before entering into such negotiations, the committee responsible should, in principle, take a decision by a majority of its members and adopt a mandate, orientations or priorities. 3. If the negotiations lead to a compromise with the Council following the adoption of the report by the committee, the committee shall in any case be reconsulted before the vote in plenary. Rule 71 First-reading agreement Where, in accordance with Article 294(4) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the Council has informed Parliament that it has approved Parliament's position, the President, following finalisation in accordance with Rule 180, shall announce in Parliament that the proposal has been adopted in the wording which corresponds to the position of Parliament. Rule 72 Second-reading agreement Where no motion to reject the Council's position, and no amendments to that position, are adopted under Rules 65 and 66 within the time limits set for tabling and voting on amendments or proposals to reject, the President shall announce in Parliament that the proposed act has been finally adopted. He shall, with the President of the Council, sign the proposed act and arrange for its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union , in accordance