{ "context": [ [ "Pacific Century International, Ltd. v. Does", [ "Pacific Century International, Ltd. v. Does 1-101 is a court case where Pacific Century International requested to subpoena the names and identities of 101 BitTorrent users (elsewhere noted as Does) whose IP Addresses were tied to downloading one of their copyrighted works.", " The resulting court decision permitted Pacific Century International to subpoena the identity of Doe 1, but dismissed claims against Does 2-101 for failure to demonstrate that the Does had operated as a single group while distributing the torrent, preventing each users' subpoena request from being enjoined into a single court filing.", " This case set a precedent for disallowing filings against large groups of IP addresses used to distribute copyrighted works over peer-to-peer networks." ] ], [ "State v. Whitmarsh", [ "State v. Whitmarsh was a South Dakota Supreme Court case decided on November 18, 1910, which asked whether or not fellatio, or oral sex, should be classified as sodomy.", " The contemporary federal common law definition of sodomy did not include fellatio.", " The court ruled that fellatio was an \"abominable and disgusting\" crime against nature and outlawed it between any two persons, regardless of marital status, sexual orientation or age.", " The case set a precedent for other states' laws and remained in effect in South Dakota for the next 66 years, until all sodomy laws, including the \"crime against nature\" statute, were abolished by the South Dakota Legislature in 1976." ] ], [ "Oregon v. Mitchell", [ "Oregon v. Mitchell, 400 U.S. 112 (1970) was a Supreme Court case which held that the United States Congress could set voting age requirements for federal elections but not for local or state elections.", " The case also upheld Congress's nationwide prohibition on literacy tests and similar \"tests or devices\" used as voting qualifications as defined in the \"Voting Rights Act of 1965\"." ] ], [ "Kramer v. Union Free School District No. 15", [ "Kramer v. Union Free School District No. 15, 395 U.S. 621 (1969), was a United States Supreme Court decision in which the Court struck down a longstanding New York State statute requiring that to be eligible to vote in certain school district elections, an individual must either own or rent taxable real property within the school district, be the spouse of a property owner or lessor, or be the parent or