Answer given by Mr Almunia on behalf of the Commission (5 June 2007) Annex A, sent directly to the Honourable Member and to Parliament's Secretariat, presents figures on the diversity and the reasons for contractual and working arrangements. The table has been produced by Eurostat in the context of the monitoring of the Employment Guidelines. The data source is the European Union Labour Force Survey. Seasonal workers are covered under the category ‘fixed term contracts’. Data on persons employed via temporary employment agencies were collected for the first time in 2006. The results are not yet available. More detailed breakdowns, in particular by age group and by sex, are available on Eurostat's website (http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat, theme: population and social conditions; domain: labour market; employment and unemployment; Labour Force Survey- detailed results). Detailed statistics on annual gross earnings by type of contract are collected every four years in the Structure of Earnings Survey (SES). The latest available results are from the 2002 SES. Data for the reference year 2006 will be available in mid‑2008. Annex A sent directly to the Honourable Member and to Parliament's Secretariat shows the average annual gross earnings (median The median is an average in the sense that it divides the employees covered in two groups: 50 % of employees earn less than the median, and 50 % earn more. ) of full-time employees by type of contract in 2002. As regards the type of contract the SES distinguishes only fixed-term contracts and contracts of indefinite duration. These earnings data include all bonuses and overtime payments received during the year. The data refer to enterprises with 10 and more employees in industry, construction and services (excluding public administration, education and health). The Commission does not possess consolidated information on benefits payable in case of redundancy. The provision of such benefits is governed by the Member States legislation, can vary depending on a number of factors, and in general depends on the history of previous employment. The following website includes tables on Mutual Information System on Social Protection in the EU Member States and the European Economic Area: http://ec.europa.eu/employment_social/social_protection/missoc_tables_en.htm