resources are insufficient for the purpose of implementing all of the environmental policies initiated by the European Union. The main issue addressed during Parliament's first reading was seeing to it that Natura 2000 has the necessary funding to ensure that this exemplary network for conserving, protecting and managing European biodiversity in situ is able to operate effectively. A third component, such as formed part of the previous LIFE instrument, has now been reintroduced in the Council's common position and the Commission communication on the common position. Among other things, this Nature and Biodiversity component is to support and enable the further development and implementation of the Natura 2000 network, including in relation to coastal and marine habitats and species. However, the victory which we won on the amount to be included for the funding of Natura 2000 (one third of the European contribution to the €21 billion of funding estimated by the Commission) has not been reflected in the 2007-2013 budget. Despite the persistent pressure exerted during the negotiations on the financial perspective, only €100 million was allocated to LIFE+ Natura 2000 . And whilst the whole of this sum should be entered under the LIFE+ instrument, there is a shortfall of €50 million. In order to rectify this, an amendment is being tabled calling for the sum of €100 million agreed during the negotiations on the financial perspective to be reinstated. Moreover, even though the guarantee that co-financing for Natura 2000 is to be provided through the structural funds (such as the ERDF and the EAFRD) is not entirely satisfactory, commitments on environmental projects have been entered into and must be respected in the granting of European funding. In order to ensure that this is the case, amendment 3 from the first reading is also being retabled. If the funding of Natura 2000 was the main focus of the report at first reading on LIFE+, particularly in the light of the negotiations taking place on the financial perspective and adjustment of the budget, your rapporteur wishes to focus during the second reading on aspects relating to the allocation of budgetary resources. The Commission is proposing that 80% of funding be allocated to the Member States. This would mean that all of the European added value would be lost, and above all it would give a blank cheque to Member States to pursue national objectives. The example of the funding