average, to increase investment in human resources in the field of education; 3. Points out that school education in Europe should put a greater emphasis on achieving a basic fundamental knowledge of the process of European integration; points out, moreover, that the European dimension should be present in all school disciplines and not only in those directly linked with this subject such as history, philosophy, geography, economics, literature and art; 4. Recalls that languages are the expression of cultural wealth and diversity and confirms its support for the European Community's objective of enabling all pupils to learn two languages other than their own; 5. Calls on the Member States to provide continuous training for teachers in European integration to ensure that students from the various EU Member States are provided with a standard basic knowledge of this subject; 6. Is of the opinion that projects promoting the teaching of European integration in school should be funded not only by cultural and educational EU programmes but also by other relevant programmes; 7. Believes that within the context of history teaching, there is a need to address the tendency to concentrate predominantly on the 20th century, at the expense of preceding stages of civilisation which underpin European culture, literature, philosophy, art and music; 8. Points out that there is a need to raise awareness within the EU Member States of the history and culture of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and vice versa; 9. Calls on the Commission and the Member States to ensure that in European research programmes encouragement is given to projects concerning the fundamentals of European civilisation such as common law, the history of institutions and education, the rules of coexistence, social and anthropological practices and artistic manifestations; 10. Believes that there is a need for European education systems to foster awareness of the cultures and ways of living of all European peoples and to raise awareness of common European values; 11. Underlines the contribution made within individual Member States for the respect and promotion of cultural and linguistic diversity; 12. Stresses the need to educate young people through cultural activities and structures which are supported financially by the relevant authorities at all levels; 13. Notes that the European Youth Programme already encourages awareness of common European values and works towards developing a sense of European citizenship and recommends that this programme should be expanded for the