P5_TA(2000)0021 Peace process in Middle East B5-0024 , 0025 , 0027 , 0033 , 0035 and 0075/2000 European Parliament resolution on the Middle East peace process The European Parliament, - having regard to its previous resolutions on the Middle East peace process, - having regard to its resolution of 6 October 1999 "Texts Adopted” of that date, Item 19. on the Sharm-el-Sheikh agreement and relaunching the Middle East peace process, - having regard to the Syrian-Israeli peace talks held in Shepherdstown, USA, from 3 to 10 January 2000, - having regard to UN Security Council resolutions 242, 338, 425 and 520, A. whereas the peace process has been given fresh impetus by the decision of the Israeli and Syrian Governments to resume the negotiations interrupted in March 1996, B. whereas these negotiations are dealing with the key issues, such as the Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights, security arrangements, water, the normalisation of relations between the two countries and the timetable for the implementation of any agreement, C. considering the positive impact of the Sharm-el-Sheikh agreements on the peace process, D. whereas the European Union fully supports these talks and is ready to help the negotiators should they so wish, E. considering the forthcoming visit of the President of the European Parliament to the region, 1. Welcomes the Sharm el-Sheikh agreements; requests that the negotiations between the Israelis and the Palestinians move forward in accordance with the deadlines laid down in the agreements; 2. Praises the major boost in favour of peace given by all the parties; reaffirms the necessity of achieving a fair, global and lasting peace in the area which guarantees the legitimate security aspirations of all the countries of the region, especially Israel, underlining that a future Palestinian State must be viable to completely ensure Israel's security; 3. Recalls that many difficult issues still stand in the way of a permanent peace, such as the creation of the Palestinian State, the final drawing of borders, the status of Jerusalem, the return of Palestinian refugees, the distribution of water and the Israeli settlements; and hopes that the political will expressed up to now by both parties will overcome these obstacles and that the international community will give its full support to help and assist both parties; undertakes for its part to give every support to both parties in the peace process; 4. Believes that the negotiations initiated in