Answer given by Mr Špidla on behalf of the Commission (3 June 2009) 1. The EU provides financial assistance to Member States for the development of childcare provision, mainly through the European Social Fund (ESF) and the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF). The ESF can finance a wide range of activities aiming at improving the quality and availability of childcare. Such activities can target individuals as well as institutions providing childcare and include such measures as vocational training and guidance, apprenticeships, establishment of development strategy of childcare institutions, etc. Over the period 2007‑13, an estimated EUR 2.6 billion of ESF money will be spent on actions aiming at promoting employment and sustainable participation in the labour market of women and reconciliation of work and private life, including measures to facilitate access to childcare and care for dependent persons. The Commission underlines that childcare infrastructures are primarily financed through the ERDF. In that connection, EUR 555 million will be made available in Member States' operational programmes between 2007 and 2013. 2. The Commission underlines that almost all Members States have allocated resources to childcare related activities. However, total spending on childcare varies greatly from one Member State to another, depending on the budget available from the Structural Funds and on the current state of the childcare provision system. In absolute terms, Germany has the highest budget allocated to measures on improving access of women to employment and childcare infrastructure (ESF: EUR 480 million; ERDF: EUR 14 million), followed by Greece (ESF: EUR 336 million; ERDF: EUR 47 million), the United Kingdom (ESF: EUR 247 million), Italy (ESF: EUR 276 million; ERDF: EUR 103 million), Spain (ESF: EUR 225 million; ERDF: EUR 25 million) and Poland (ESF: EUR 221 million and ERDF: EUR 40 million). 3. In order to remove disincentives to female labour force participation, the Barcelona European Council has indeed agreed to the goals of providing childcare by 2010 to at least 33 % of children under three years of age and to at least 90 % of children between three years old and the mandatory school age in each Member State. In practice, the level of childcare services differs considerably in the EU, but in most Member States it is below the Barcelona targets, notably for children younger than three years. In the framework of the Lisbon Strategy, the Commission encourages Member States to pay particular attention to accessible