WRITTEN QUESTION E-1404/10 by Jeanine Hennis-Plasschaert (ALDE) to the Commission (11 March 2010) Subject: Equitable and realistic implementation of rules on driving hours and rest periods (Regulation (EC) No 561/2006) — Part II For a very long time, numerous complaints have been coming to my attention concerning disproportionate and/or unreasonable fines imposed under the rules on driving hours and rest periods (Regulation (EC) No 561/2006 OJ L 102, 11.4.2006, p. 1. ). It seems that the letter of the law is being respected more than its spirit. Yet it should be clear that it is not right to fine a driver for interrupting the daily rest period because he has been compelled to move his vehicle or has had to drive for an extra ten minutes in order to reach a safe parking place. This after all does not present any danger to road safety, nor does it prevent the driver from resting for a normal period or distort competition. Major disparities persist among EU Member States with regard to the interpretation and enforcement of the rules on driving hours and rest periods, even after the initiatives already taken in this area. 1. Does the Commission agree that security lodged should be used for the purpose for which it was originally intended, namely to make an advance payment towards the anticipated fine at a realistic level? If not, why not? If so, how will the Commission bring this about? Will the Commission also advocate payment by credit card or using a PIN number? If not, why not? If so, how will the Commission bring this about? 2. Does the Commission consider that residents and non-residents should be treated equally? If not, why not? If so, how will the Commission bring this about? 3. Does the Commission agree that it should be possible for drivers to pay fines in their own country? If not, why not? If so, how will the Commission bring this about? 4. Will the Commission arrange for ‘administrative’ offences (e.g. spelling a name wrong or the absence of a tachograph roll) to be dealt with by issuing a warning? If not, why not? If so, how will the Commission bring this about? 5. Does the Commission agree that it is strange that we have introduced the extraterritoriality principle into the rules on driving hours and rest periods (any inspecting authority may impose penalties for any offence, no