for in Article 3 of that Decision. ( 18 ) This Decision establishes a financial framework for the entire duration of the programme which is to be the principal point of reference for the budgetary authority, within the meaning of point 33 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 6 May 1999 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on budgetary discipline and improvement of the budgetary procedure OJ C 172, 18.6.1999, p. 1 . HAVE DECIDED AS FOLLOWS: Article 1 Subject matter and scope The second phase of the Daphne programme to prevent all forms of violence against children, young people and women and to protect victims and groups at risk ("the programme") is hereby established for the period 1 January 2004 to 31 December 2008; it may be extended. For the purposes of this programme, "children" shall include adolescents up to the age of 18 years, in accordance with international instruments relating to the rights of the child. However, projects with activities particularly designed for beneficiary groups such as, for example, "teenagers" (13-19 years old) or people 12-25 years old, will be considered as targeting the category of so-called "young people". Article 2 Programme objectives 1. The programme shall contribute to the general objective of providing citizens with a high level of protection from violence, including protection of physical and mental health. The aim of the programme shall be to prevent and combat all forms of violence occurring in the public or the private domain, against children, young people, women - including those brought to the Member States through human trafficking - and victims of female genital mutilation, by taking preventive measures and by providing support for victims, including in particular the prevention of future exposure to violence, and to assist and encourage non-governmental organisations and other organisations active in this field. 2. The actions to be implemented under the programme, as set out in the Annex, are intended: a) to promote transnational actions: i) to set up multidisciplinary networks, particularly in support of victims of violence and groups at risk; ii) to ensure the expansion of the knowledge base, the exchange of information and the identification and dissemination of good practice, including through training, study visits and staff exchange; iii) to raise awareness among targeted audiences such as specific professions, competent authorities and identified sectors of the general public with a view both to improving understanding and