Answer given by Mr Piebalgs on behalf of the Commission (13 February 2007) Article 40(2) (a) under Title VII of Council Directive 96/29/Euratom requires Member States to ensure the identification, by means of surveys or by any other appropriate means, of work activities which may be of concern, in particular where workers are exposed to radon daughters in above-ground workplaces in an identified area. For identified work activities the Member States shall require the setting up of an appropriate means of monitoring exposure. Thus, while the directive offers the general framework for the regulation of exposure to natural radiation sources, it is up to the Member State to identify the areas on its territory and the specific work activities that are of concern. From the information provided by the Honourable Member, it appears that the Lazio Region approved a plan for the reduction of radon risks but that this law was not yet implemented two years after monitoring became mandatory. The Commission has no information on this regional law, which has not been notified to it as a measure transposing Directive 96/29/Euratom. It is in the first instance for the Italian authorities to determine, in the light of the Italian legislation and in view of the precise circumstances, whether the national legislation transposing Title VII of Directive 96/29/Euratom is being respected in this case. The Commission also intends to formally address this issue with the Italian authorities. The environment and health action plan 2004‑10 COM(2004)416 final. adopted under the European environment and health strategy was designed to give the EU the scientifically grounded information to reduce the adverse health impacts of certain environmental factors and to endorse better cooperation between actors in the environment, health and research fields. The health risks to indoor air pollution are addressed in the first call of the seventh framework programme for research and technological development under Research Theme 6 ‘Environment (including climate change)’, sub-activity ‘Environment & health’.