taken into account; · Addressing public health, safety and environmental risks at the earliest possible stage; · Reassessing existing EU legislation; · Supporting the creation of an open archive of scientific publications in the field; · Promoting the inter-disciplinary education & training of researchers and engineers; · Strengthening international dialogue on common issues. Putting up efforts Your Rapporteur supports the objectives and actions set out in the Action plan. Nanosciences and nanotechnologies are an area with highly promising prospects for the future. Successful innovations in this sector open the door to applications which address the needs of the citizens and contribute to the Union's competitiveness and sustainable development objectives. At the same time, your Rapporteur stresses the fact that a decisive leap in (coordination of) investment for research and innovation is needed. Due to its interdisciplinary, complex and costly nature, the infrastructure for R&D and innovation in nanosciences and nanotechnologies requires a certain critical mass of resources that are beyond the means of regional and often even national governments and industry. However, at the same time, Member States should ensure that on national scale nanotechnology R&D policies are in place that allow a more rapid reaction to changing opportunities than is possible from the Europe-wide programmes. Currently, research in the field of nanosciences is too scattered in the EU without a clear coordination of resources. R&D in nanosciences and nanotechnologies, both on Community level and at the level of the Member States, should thus be reinforced and coordinated in order to achieve the necessary economies of scale without losing the necessary flexibility. Overall spending at global level on R&D in the field of nanosciences and nanotechnologies is estimated to stand at around € 8 billion per year, of which approximately 37% was spent in the US, 28% in Japan and 24% in Europe. The per capita public investment in the EU-25 in 2004 was € 3, compared to € 4½ in the US and € 6 in Japan. In the field of private investment, Europe lags even more behind with approximately € 1½ per capita private investment, compared to almost € 6 in the US and more than € 12 in Japan. "Some figures about Nanotechnology R&D in Europe and beyond", European Commission staff working paper, December 2005. Future spending will not change this picture drastically. The amount proposed in the 7th Framework Programme for 'Nanosciences, Nanotechnologies, Materials and new