for WEEE falling under category 3 of Annex III , with the except ion of gas discharge lamps , – 75% shall be recovered and – 50% shall be recycled; (d) for WEEE falling under category 5 of Annex III, – 75% shall be recovered, – 50% shall be recycled and – 5% shall be prepared for re - use; (e) for WEEE falling under category 6 of Annex III, – 85% shall be recovered, – 75% shall be recycled and – 5% shall be prepared for re - use; (f) for gas discharge lamps, 80% shall be recycled. (g) for photovoltaic panels, 80 % shall be recycled. _______ * The date of entry into force of this Directive. Justification The recovery rates are only raised because re-use is incorporated in the rate for the first time. This means that the recovery rate must be nominally increased at the same time, as the Commission proposal indicated. The implementation of the waste hierarchy requires a separate reuse rate. The recovery rates should be indicated in the text of the directive itself and not in the annex. All WEEE separately collected should be recovered, and the position at first reading is therefore reinstated and the reference to Article 5 deleted. Amendment 50 Council position Article 11 – paragraph 2 Council position Amendment 2. The achievement of the targets shall be calculated , for each category, by dividing the weight of the WEEE that enters the recovery or recycling/preparing for re-use facility, after proper treatment in accordance with Article 8 (2) with regard to recovery or recycling, by the weight of all separately collected WEEE for each category, expressed as a percentage . 2. The achievement of the targets shall be calculated as the percentage by weight of separately collected WEEE that is sent to recovery facilities and effectively recovered, reused or recycled . Preliminary activities including sorting and storage prior to recovery shall not count towards the achievement of these targets. Preliminary activities including sorting , storage and pre-processing prior to recovery shall not count towards the achievement of these targets. Justification It should only be possible to count final recovery measures towards the recovery target. This will promote greater recycling efficiency and innovation in recovery and recycling technologies. Pre-processing should not be taken into account in calculating recovery targets, either. Amendment 51 Council position Article 11 – paragraph 4 Council position