a number which includes 376 children, 118 women, 44 members of the Palestinian Legislative Council and some 800 administrative detainees. ECB praised for reaction to financial turmoil, caution advised on rate rises The European Central Bank has done “excellent work” in managing the financial turmoil, enhancing its reputation, says the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee in its annual report on the ECB. MEPs also call for the ECB to monitor exchange rates and take action if necessary, and to be cautious about raising interest rates to avoid endangering growth. This report will now be debated by the full Parliament and with the participation of ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet. Investigate environmental risks of Nord Stream pipeline The planned Nord Stream pipeline under the Baltic Sea is just one of many infrastructure projects needed to meet the EU's growing demand for natural gas. Its likely environmental impact should be carefully investigated, and possible alternative overland routes should be assessed first, says an own-initiative report proposed by the Petitions Committee. MEPs also want the EU to play a bigger role in supervising the project. MEPs and Council Presidency reach deal on airline emissions Following a series of meetings between MEPs and the Slovenian Presidency of the Council, the two sides have agreed details of how to include aviation in the EU Emissions Trading System. The compromise agreement reached still needs to be formally endorsed by the full Council and is now being put to a second reading vote at Parliament's July plenary session in Strasbourg. The EU answer to the challenge of sovereign wealth funds Sovereign Wealth Funds, government-owned investment vehicles that invest surplus state funds, are growing rapidly; so also are the political controversy and the potential risks they give rise to, according to a question to the Council and the Commission from the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee. MEPs' reflections on the Commission's 2009 Preliminary Draft Budget In response to the Commission's 2009 Preliminary Draft Budget, MEPs in the Budgets Committee call for finances to be available for the EU to respond to new financial needs, for the budget to include a proper reflection of the climate change priority and for the budget to be easier for EU citizens to understand. Airbus/Boeing WTO disputes - MEPs to quiz European Commission Helmuth MARKOV (GUE/NGL, DE), on behalf of the Committee on International Trade, will be asking the Commission questions on the Airbus/Boeing