TSO to carry out ownership unbundling. This amendment should be seen in conjunction with the amendment to paragraph 2 of this article. Amendment 7 Article 9, paragraph 2, sub-paragraph c (c) the transmission system operator shall have effective decision-making rights, independent from the integrated natural gas undertaking, with respect to assets necessary to operate, maintain or develop the network. This should not prevent the existence of appropriate coordination mechanisms to ensure that the economic and management supervision rights of the parent company in respect of return on assets in a subsidiary are protected; (c) the transmission system operator shall have effective decision-making rights, independent from the integrated natural gas undertaking, with respect to assets necessary to operate, maintain or develop the network. This should not prevent the existence of appropriate coordination mechanisms to ensure that the economic and management supervision rights of the parent company in respect of the return on assets invested in a subsidiary , as determined by the supervisory body, are protected. An external audit will be carried out each year to ensure that no cross-subsidies are being paid. Or. nl Justification The aim is to ensure that the parent company has no other hold over its subsidiary than a reasonable return on investment, as determined by the supervisory authority. What needs to be avoided is the subsidiary company subsidising the parent company by means of prohibited cross-subsidies. For this purpose an annual external audit is necessary. Amendment 8 Article 13, paragraph 1 1. Where the distribution system operator is part of a vertically integrated undertaking, it shall be independent at least in terms of its legal form, organisation and decision making from other activities not relating to distribution. This requirement shall not imply or result in the requirement to separate the ownership of assets of the distribution network from the vertically integrated undertaking. 1. Where the distribution system operator is part of a vertically integrated undertaking, it shall be independent at least in terms of its legal form, organisation and decision making from other activities not relating to distribution. This requirement and the provisions of paragraph 2 shall not , however, create an obligation to separate the ownership of assets of the distribution network from the vertically integrated undertaking. Justification This amendment should be seen in conjunction with the amendment to paragraph 2 of this article (q.v. for justification). Amendment 9 Article 13, paragraph 2 c