regardless of whether the aid is notified beforehand or documented afterwards, in order to ensure that competition amongst transport modes and amongst Member States and regions is not distorted. When carrying out the relevant checks, the Commission should pay particular attention to the effects of different rates of aid. Amendment 17 Article 1 This Regulation shall apply to aid, which meets the needs of coordination of transport by rail, road and inland waterway. This Regulation shall apply to aid which meets the needs of coordination of transport by rail, road , inland waterway and short sea shipping, including combined transport operations at sea ports . Amendment 18 Article 2, indent 1 - transport infrastructure: permanent facilities for the movement or transhipment of passengers and goods and associated safety and navigational assets essential for the management of these facilities, - transport infrastructure: permanent facilities for the movement or transhipment of passengers and goods and associated safety and navigational assets - including in vehicles - essential for the management of these facilities; such transhipment shall also include connections between land and maritime transport which, for the purposes of this Regulation, are to be considered an integral part of inland transport, Amendment 19 Article 2, indent 2 - infrastructure manager: any public, private or mixed public/private undertaking managing, maintaining or providing transport infrastructure, - infrastructure manager: any public authority or public, private or mixed public/private undertaking managing, maintaining or providing transport infrastructure, Amendment 20 Article 2, indent 4 - specific unpaid external and infrastructure costs: costs not recovered from the user of transport infrastructure through specific charges . They may include infrastructure damage, pollution, noise, congestion, health and accident costs. - specific unpaid external and infrastructure costs: costs not recovered from the user of transport infrastructure through tariffs which vary in proportion to the actual use of the infrastructure . They may include infrastructure damage, pollution, noise, congestion, health and accident costs. Amendment 22 Article 3, paragraph 1, introduction 1. Aid granted to an infrastructure manager for the management, maintenance or provision of inland transport infrastructure, shall be compatible with the EC Treaty provided that the aid compared to the total financing of the project: 1. Aid granted to an infrastructure manager for the maintenance , realisation or provision of inland transport infrastructure, shall be compatible with the Treaty provided that the aid compared to the total financing of the project: Amendment 23