preventing and responding to pollution from ships. Amendment 15 Proposal for a regulation Recital 8 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (8a) In particular, the Agency’s CleanSeaNet system, which is currently used to provide photographic evidence of oil spills from ships, should also be used to detect and report oil spills from coastal and offshore installations. Justification This will make it possible to ensure full monitoring of all waters, irrespective of the source of the pollution. Amendment 16 Proposal for a regulation Recital 8 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (8b) With a view to achieving the single market , short-distance maritime transport should be used as much as possible and the administrative burden on shipping should be reduced. The ‘Blue Belt’ project will help to reduce the reporting formalities required from commercial shipping on entering or leaving ports in Member States. Justification The movement of ships between EU ports is regarded as an international journey, which causes bureaucratic burdens impeding intermodality. Directive 2010/65/EU on reporting formalities for ships arriving in and/or departing from ports of the Member States (to be transposed by 19 May 2012) simplifies and harmonises administrative procedures in maritime transport through electronic data transmission. Amendment 17 Proposal for a regulation Recital 9 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (9) The Union has established a comprehensive maritime transport strategy up to 2018, which includes the e-maritime concept. Furthermore, it is developing an EU maritime surveillance network. The Agency has maritime systems and applications available which are of interest for the realisation of these policies. Therefore the Agency should make the systems and the data available to interested partners. (9) The Union has established a comprehensive maritime transport strategy up to 2018, which includes the e-maritime concept. Furthermore, it is developing an EU maritime surveillance network. The Agency has maritime systems and applications available which are of interest for the realisation of these policies and, in particular, for the 'Blue Belt' project. Therefore the Agency should make the systems and the data available to interested partners. Justification The Blue Belt project offers customs authorities the assurance that a ship declaring intra-EU goods has only visited EU ports. It offers a way of reducing the administrative burden on short-sea shipping while maintaining existing levels of control. This, in turn, promotes the use of a transport mode which causes less environmental damage than road transport. Amendment