Answer given by Mr Frattini on behalf of the Commission (23 January 2006) Within the European framework adopted by the Council, the adoption of the common basic principles on integration by the Council in November 2004 marks a major step in the development of a European framework for the integration of immigrants. The Commission’s communication of 1 September 2005 A common agenda for integration: Framework for the integration of third country nationals in the European Union (COM(2005)389) of 1 September 2005. contains a number of new initiatives designed to create the framework and implement the principles. These will be developed progressively. Within this framework, a review of national policies and EU initiatives is carried out in the form of an annual report First annual report on migration and integration (COM(2004)508) of 16 July 2004. based on contributions from the Member States. The first such report was issued in July 2004 At the same time, the Commission will reinforce the exchange of information and good practice on the different aspects of the integration process bearing in mind its complexity and the inter-relationship between the different economic, social, but also cultural, religious and political factors involved. Since the Community acquired competence in the area of migration under the Treaty of Amsterdam, it has adopted a series of legislative instruments on the conditions for the admission and stay of third-country nationals (directives concerning family reunion, students, researchers and long term residents). These directives create a legal framework prescribing equality of treatment and according rights of access to employment and to education/training, all of which are necessary components, not only of a credible immigration policy, but also for the successful integration of third-country nationals as part of that policy. EU legislation on anti-discrimination supports this legal framework on the conditions for the admission and stay of third-country nationals. With respect to financial support for integration, the Commission adopted on 6 April 2005 a proposal for a Council Decision establishing the European Fund for Integration of Third Country Nationals for the period 2007‑13. This proposal is currently being examined in the Council and in the European Parliament in the context of the general agreement on the financial perspectives agreed by the European Council in December 2005.