Answer given by Mrs Ferrero-Waldner on behalf of the Commission (6 September 2005) The Commission is aware of the case of the three Indonesian Christian women accused of breaching Indonesia’s Child Protection Act, by attempting to convert Muslim children through a Christian education programme. The Commission followed the court hearings until the fifth one, on 28 July 2005, when the lead prosecutor announced the transfer of the case to the High Court. The Commission is monitoring this case as well as other incidents, such as the attack by mobs of radical groups against the Ahmadiyah Islamic group, considered heretical by the Council of the Ulema (Majlis Ulama Indonesia — MUI). In this regard, the 11 ‘Fatwas’ issued by the MUI during its seventh congress on 29 July 2005 are also a matter of serious concern. The Commission is, however, reassured by the reaction of several senior Muslim scholars and Islamic groups in the country against the intolerant position of the MUI, in particular the criticism expressed by Nahdhatul Ulama and by Muhammadiyah, the two main Muslim organisations in Indonesia. The Commission is committed to supporting human rights and democracy projects in Indonesia, including in the field of respect for religious freedom. The Commission is supporting civil society organisations through projects sustained under the European Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights (EIDHR). For example, the Commission is supporting the International Centre for Islam and Pluralism (ICIP) for a programme promoting a better understanding on tolerance and pluralism among young religious leaders and young journalists A list of EIDHR funded projects is available at http://www.delidn.cec.eu.int/EIDHR/ . Indonesia is eligible, in the EIDHR programming for 2005‑06, for projects defending the rights of persons facing discrimination, inter alia on the grounds of religious belief. In Central Sulawesi and in the Moluccas, the Commission is also funding actions promoting the recovery of livelihoods of both Christian and Muslim displaced populations, as well as reconciliation between young people from both communities affected by the conflict. The Commission has also co-sponsored, with the Government of Indonesia and EU Member States, the first inter-faith dialogue in the framework of the Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM), which gathered 39 high-level religious and political leaders in Bali on 21 and 22 July 2005, underlining the need to promote tolerance and protect religious freedom.