of 24 November 1986 on the approximation of laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States regarding the protection of animals used for experimental and other scientific purposes OJ L 358, 18.12.1986, p. 1. Directive as amended by Directive 2003/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (OJ L 230, 16.9.2003, p. 32). . 22) it should be the responsibility of manufacturers to refrain from marketing detergents not complying with this Regulation and to have at the disposal of the national authorities the technical files for all substances and preparations covered by this Regulation; this should also apply to surfactants that have failed to pass the tests mentioned in Annex III. (23) Manufacturers should be able to request a derogation from the Commission, which should have the possibility to grant such derogation in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 12(2). (24) Member States' competent authorities should be able to apply control measures to detergents on the market, but should avoid repeating tests made by the competent laboratories. (25) The existing labelling provisions for detergents should be continued, including those in Recommendation 89/542/EEC, which are included in this Regulation in order to fulfil the objective of modernising the rules on detergents. Specific labelling is introduced to inform consumers about fragrance substances and preservation agents that are present in detergents. Medical personnel should be able to obtain from the manufacturer upon request a full listing of all ingredients of a detergent to assist them investigate whether a causal link exists between the development of an allergic response and exposure to a particular chemical substance, and Member States should be able to require that such a listing is also made available to a specific public body designated to provide this information to medical personnel. 26) all the above points call for new legislation replacing the existing legislation; however, for a certain period, Member States can continue to apply their existing laws. 27) the technical Annexes to this Regulation should be adapted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 12(2). 28) detergents complying with this Regulation should be allowed to be placed on the market without prejudice to other relevant Community provisions. 29) in order to ensure the protection of man and the environment from unforeseen risks of detergents, a safeguard clause is needed. (30) The tests specified for the biodegradability of surfactants should be carried out in