high seas ; Justification Prohibiting vessels from fishing in the waters of other Member States but allowing them to go outside the EU is discriminatory, as it would result in vessels from Member States that do not enforce the CFP being allowed, or encouraged, to fish outside the EU. Amendment 8 3 Proposal for a regulation Article 101 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. A Member State shall communicate the request referred to in paragraph 1 simultaneously to the Commission and to the Member States concerned. The other Member States may submit their written comments to the Commission within five working days of receipt of the request. The Commission shall take a decision within 15 working days of receipt of the request. 3. A Member State shall communicate the request referred to in paragraph 1 simultaneously to the Commission and to the Member States concerned. The other Member States may submit their written comments to the Commission within 15 working days of receipt of the request. The Commission shall take a decision within 15 working days of receipt of the request. Justification It does not appear appropriate that the Member State should only have five days in which to submit its comments when the Commission has 15 days in which to take its decision on the same matter. Amendment 8 4 Proposal for a regulation Article 101 – paragraph 5 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 5. The Member States concerned may refer the Commission decision to the Council within 10 working days of receipt of the notification. 5. The Member States concerned may refer the Commission decision to the Council within 15 working days of receipt of the notification. Justification As with Amendment 83, the aim is the closer alignment of the periods available to the administrative authorities and the various Community institutions. Amendment 8 5 Proposal for a regulation Article 104 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. The names of natural persons shall not be communicated to the Commission or to another Member State except in the case where such communication is expressly provided for in this Regulation or if it is necessary for the purposes of preventing or pursuing infringements or the verification of apparent infringements. The data referred to in paragraph 1 shall not be transmitted unless they are aggregated with other data in a form, which does