the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2000 on certain legal aspects of information services, in particular electronic commerce, in the Internal Market OJ L 178, 17.7.2000, p. 1. as regards the liability of internet service providers; Justification This point needs making in the preamble. Amendment 4 Article 1 This Framework Decision lays down provisions for approximation of laws and regulations of the Member States and for closer co-operation between judicial and other authorities of the Member States regarding offences involving racism and xenophobia. This Framework Decision lays down provisions for approximation of laws and regulations of the Member States and for closer co-operation between judicial and other authorities of the Member States regarding offences involving racism and xenophobia. It does not preclude the introduction or retention by Member States of legislation affording a higher degree of protection against racism and xenophobia under criminal law. Justification There is no reason why Member States should be precluded from introducing or retaining legislation affording a higher degree of protection. After all, the explanatory memorandum (at page 6) refers to the Framework Decision as establishing the "minimum approximation necessary". Amendment 5 Article 2 Article 2 – S cope This Framework Decision applies to offences involving racism and xenophobia committed : (a) within the territory of the Member States, or (b) by nationals of a Member State where the act affects individuals or groups of that State, or (c) for the benefit of a legal person established in a Member State. Article 2 – Territorial s cope This Framework Decision applies to offences as defined in Article 4 committed within the territory of a Member State. Justification Clarification, necessary for legal reasons, of the offences covered and of the definition of the territorial scope and scope as regards persons. The primary aim of the Framework Decision is to harmonise, for offences committed within the European Union, the punishment of such offences by the Member States within whose territory they have been committed. In addition, Member States are to punish offences committed by their own nationals where the offence has not been committed within their own territory. This is not clearly reflected in the wording of the draft. Finally, point c does not define the Framework Decision’s territorial scope or scope as regards persons but rather the purpose of the offence, and this provision should therefore be laid down in Article 4.