priority. 10.3. If legal proceedings are instituted in relation to matters under investigation by the Ombudsman, he closes the case. The outcome of any inquiries he has carried out up to that point is filed without further action. 10.4. The Ombudsman informs the relevant national authorities and if appropriate, a Community institution or body of such criminal law matters as may come to his notice in the course of an inquiry. The Ombudsman may also inform a Community institution or body of facts which, in his view, could justify disciplinary proceedings. Article 11 Reports to the European Parliament 11.1. The Ombudsman submits an annual report to the European Parliament on his activities as a whole, including the outcome of his inquiries. 11.2. As well as special reports made under Article 8.4 above, the Ombudsman may make such other special reports to the European Parliament as he thinks appropriate to fulfil his responsibilities under the Treaties and the Statute. 11.3. The annual and special reports of the Ombudsman may contain such recommendations as he thinks appropriate to fulfil his responsibilities under the Treaties and the Statute. Article 12 Cooperation with ombudsmen and similar bodies in Member States The Ombudsman may work in conjunction with ombudsmen and similar bodies in the Member States with a view to enhancing the effectiveness both of his own inquiries and of those carried out by ombudsmen and similar bodies in the Member States and of making more effective provision for safeguarding rights and interests under European Union and European Community law. Article 13 The complainant's right to see the file 13.1. The complainant shall be entitled to see the Ombudsman’s file on his or her complaint, subject to Article 13.3 below. 13.2. The complainant may exercise the right to see the file on the spot. He or she may request the Ombudsman to supply a copy of the whole file, or of specific documents in the file. 13.3. The complainant shall not have access to: (a) documents or information obtained by virtue of Article 5.1 or 5.2 above which have been identified to the Ombudsman as confidential; (b) evidence given in confidence in accordance with Article 5.3 above. Article 14 Public access to documents held by the Ombudsman 14.1. . The public shall have access to documents held by the Ombudsman, which do not relate to inquiries, subject to the same conditions and limits as those