the Treaty of Lisbon should be used. In addition, EU enlargement has altered the balance between Member State representatives and those of the Commission. With 27 Member States, but not with 15, it is theoretically possible that a Director be appointed or dismissed against the wishes of the Commission representatives. A system of weighted votes would maintain the Institutional balance over the long-term. Budgetary Implications It is clear that if work is done once by EMSA rather than in each national administration, the cost to the European taxpayer is reduced and real European added value created. This has already been demonstrated by EMSA's maritime surveillance systems. Using these systems to provide information of value to other policy areas is likely to be much more cost effective than creating stand-alone systems. Additional tasks for EMSA need to be realistically reflected in its budget and staff. Otherwise there would be a threat to its core function of promoting maritime safety. 16.6.2011 OPINION of the Committee on Budgets for the Committee on Transport and Tourism on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 establishing a European Maritime Safety Agency ( COM(2010)0611 – C7‑0343/2010 – 2010/0303(COD) ) Rapporteur: Jutta Haug SHORT JUSTIFICATION The objective of the proposed measure is to amend Regulation 1406/2002 by clarifying EMSA's existing tasks and role as well as by extending EMSA's tasks to new areas under development at international and/or EU level. General aspects and the Interinstitutional working group on agencies Your Rapporteur has taken good note of the proposed extension of tasks, and of the Commission's impact assessment carried out in this respect. She would like to draw the BUDG and TRAN committees' attention that further impact assessments should be carried out on the opportunity and consequences of any additional task that would be proposed by the lead committee (c.f. working document by the lead Rapporteur, EESC opinion), including in budgetary and staff terms, in line with the Inter-Institutional Common Approach to Impact Assessment (IA) regarding substantive amendments. Your Rapporteur takes the view that the advancement of the works of the IWG also makes it possible to integrate its first conclusions on governance issues already in the present opinion. These conclusions have already been endorsed by the three institutions on their last meeting of 23 March 2011. They have resulted in the amendments below dealing with: -