immediate closure of the fishery causing irreparable damage to the other vessels. A linear system would be much fairer in such instances. Amendment 7 7 Proposal for a regulation Article 97 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. If a Member State has repeatedly overfished its quota, allocation or share of the stock or group of stocks over the previous two years, if the overfishing is particularly detrimental to the stock concerned or if the stock is subject to a multiannual plan, the multiplying factor referred to in paragraph 1 shall be doubled. 2. If , over the previous two years, a Member State has repeatedly overfished its quota, allocation or share of a stock or group of stocks that is particularly sensitive to over-fishing or subject to a multiannual plan, the multiplying factor referred to in paragraph 1 shall be doubled. Justification Measures such as the doubling of penalty coefficients should be reserved for species that are at biological risk, are particularly sensitive to over-fishing or are included in a multiannual plan. It should be borne in mind that the quotas are not linked to the biological status of a fishery and that as a result of relative stability many Member States receive fishing quotas that they do not use, so another Member State exceeding its quota does not necessarily contribute to overfishing of the resource. It is, however, logical that exceeding the quota be punished, as already provided for in paragraph 1. Amendment 7 8 Proposal for a regulation Article 97 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. If a Member State takes catches from a stock subject to a quota for which it has no quota, allocation or share of a stock or a group of stocks available to it, the Commission may deduct in the following year or years quotas for other stocks or groups of stocks available to that Member State in accordance with paragraph 1. deleted Justification The new measures introduced are not sufficiently well explained. It is not, for example, clear whether catches include discards, it is not specified to which other species the reduction shall apply, nor have criteria been established for carrying out the reduction over one or more years. Fishing without a quota is one of the most serious infringements that can be committed under the CFP and any Member State which allows this