other amendments to the vote collectively where they are complementary. In such cases he shall follow the procedure laid down in paragraph 5. Authors of such amendments may propose such collective votes where their amendments are complementary. 7. The President may decide, following the adoption or rejection of a particular amendment, that several other amendments of similar content or with similar objectives shall be put to the vote collectively. The President may seek the agreement of Parliament before doing so. Such a set of amendments may relate to different parts of the original text. 8. Where two or more identical amendments are tabled by different authors, they shall be put to the vote as one. Rule 162 Committee consideration of plenary amendments When more than 50 amendments and requests for a split or separate vote have been tabled to a report for consideration in Parliament, the President may, after consulting its Chair, ask the committee responsible to meet to consider those amendments or requests. Any amendment or request for a split or separate vote not receiving favourable votes at this stage from at least one-tenth of the members of the committee shall not be put to the vote in Parliament. Rule 163 Split voting 1. Where the text to be put to the vote contains two or more provisions or references to two or more points or lends itself to division into two or more parts having a distinct meaning and/or normative value, a split vote may be requested by a political group or at least 40 Members. 2. The request shall be made the evening before the vote, unless the President sets a different deadline. The President shall decide on the request. Rule 164 Right to vote The right to vote is a personal right. Members shall cast their votes individually and in person. Any infringement of this Rule is considered as a serious case of disorder as referred to in Rule 153(1) and will have the legal consequences mentioned in that Rule. Rule 165 Voting 1. As a general rule Parliament shall vote by show of hands. 2. If the President decides that the result is doubtful, a fresh vote shall be taken using the electronic voting system and, if the latter is not working, by sitting and standing. 3. The result of the vote shall be recorded. Rule 166 Final vote When voting on any proposal for