61 thereof, provides both for the adoption of measures aimed at ensuring the free movement of persons, in conjunction with flanking measures relating to external border controls, asylum and immigration, and for the adoption of measures relating to asylum, immigration and safeguarding the rights of third-country nationals. Justification It is in Article 61 of the EC Treaty that specific reference is made to the legislative measures concerning the areas listed in the recital. Amendment 2 Recital 2 (2) Article 63(3) of the Treaty provides that the Council is to adopt measures on immigration policy. Article 63(3)(a) provides, in particular, that the Council is to adopt measures relating to the conditions of entry and residence, and standards on procedures for the issue by Member States of long term visas and residence permits, including those for the purpose of family reunification. (Does not affect English version.) Justification (Does not affect English version.) Amendment 3 Recital 3 (3) Measures concerning family reunification must be adopted in conformity with the obligation to protect the family and respect family life enshrined in many instruments of international law. This Directive respects the fundamental rights and observes the principles recognised in particular by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. (3) Measures concerning family reunification must be adopted in conformity with the obligation to protect the family and respect family life enshrined in Articles 12 and 16 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted and proclaimed by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 10 December 1948, in Article 8 of the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, signed in Rome on 4 November 1950, in Article 7 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, proclaimed in Nice on 7 December 2000, and in many other instruments of international law. Justification The major international instruments enshrining the universal right to family reunification should be indicated, as should the specific articles which set out this right. Amendment 4 Recital 3 a (new) (3a) This Directive respects the fundamental rights and observes the principles recognised in particular by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, which constitutes the very essence of the common European acquis in the area of fundamental rights. In accordance with the principle of universality, the vast majority of the rights set out in the Charter are applicable to any person regardless