evaluation procedures that meet recognised professional standards;' Justification In line with the principles of Activity based management and Activity based budgeting (ABM-ABB), the Agency's work programme and annual activity report should provide information on the resources allocated to the activities which are necessary to reach the Agency's objectives and on the overall performance in achieving these objectives. Amendment 10 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 5 Regulation (EC)1406/2002 Article 16 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. The Executive Director shall be appointed and dismissed by the Administrative Board. The appointment shall be made from a list of candidates proposed by the Commission for a period of five years on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well as competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. Before appointment, the candidate selected by the Administrative Board may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. 1. The Executive Director shall be appointed and dismissed by the Administrative Board. The appointment shall be made from a list of candidates proposed by the Commission for a period of five years on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well as competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. Before appointment, the candidate selected by the Administrative Board may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. Its opinion, if any, shall be considered before formal appointment. The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. Justification It should be made explicit that any Parliament's opinion on the selected candidate shall be taken into consideration before its appointment. Amendment 11 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 5 Regulation (EC)1406/2002 Article 16 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. The Administrative Board, acting on a proposal from the Commission, taking into account the evaluation report may extend the term of office of the