difficulties in setting up effective customs systems, especially with regard to infrastructure, equipment and staff training and integrity, M. whereas the essential objective of facilitating trade must be reconciled with the equally important objective of effective controls, N. whereas concerns relating to the security of persons and goods are playing an increasingly large role in the framing and application of customs rules and procedures, particularly for some of the Union’s major trading partners, O. whereas European consumer protection standards, particularly relating to health and safety, should apply to all products circulating freely within the single European market, regardless of their origin, P. whereas greater use of information technology and other modern technologies when processing customs transactions and checking goods is producing significant improvements in efficiency and speed, Q. whereas it is necessary to take into account the interoperability requirements imposed by the use of such equipment and the costs incurred through its use by the administrative authorities concerned and economic operators, R. whereas one of the new fundamental objectives laid down in Article 3(5) of the Treaty on European Union (corresponding to the current Article 2(5) as it would be amended by Article 1(4) of the Treaty of Lisbon) is that in its relations with the rest of the world the Union must contribute to the protection of its citizens; whereas the Treaty on European Union also specifies, in Article 3(2) (corresponding to the current Article 2(2) as it would likewise be amended by Article 1(4) of the Lisbon Treaty), that the Union offers its citizens ‘an area of freedom, security and justice’ without internal borders, ‘in which the free movement of persons is assured in conjunction with appropriate measures’ with respect to ( inter alia ) external border controls, S. whereas while the Union's customs rules and procedures are defined and adopted at Community level, their actual implementation depends on the action of the national administrations of the Member States, T. whereas the WCO plays an important role in promoting trade through international customs cooperation, The importance of import and export rules and procedures 1. Stresses the importance of effective import and export rules and procedures for the implementation of trade policy; 2. Points out that the effectiveness of any trade policy measure depends largely on the Union’s ability to ensure it is properly enforced; this concerns, in particular, trade defence measures and all kinds of tariff preferences that