proposed by the Commission Amendment The inspecting Member State may also transfer prosecution of the infringement to the competent authorities of the flag Member State or the Member State of registration or the Member State of which the offender is a citizen so long as this is done, with the agreement of the latter Member State and on condition that the transfer is more likely to achieve the result referred to in Article 81(2). The inspecting Member State may also transfer prosecution of the infringement to the competent authorities of the flag Member State or the Member State of which the offender is a citizen so long as this is done, with the agreement of the latter Member State and on condition that the transfer is more likely to achieve the result referred to in Article 81(2). Amendment 59 Proposal for a regulation Article 82 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall ensure that a natural person having committed or a legal person held liable for a serious infringement is punishable by effective, proportionate and dissuasive administrative sanctions, in accordance with the range of sanctions and measures provided for in Chapter IX of Regulation (EC) No 1005/2008. 1. Member States shall ensure that a natural person having committed or a legal person held liable for a serious infringement is in principle punished by effective, proportionate and dissuasive administrative sanctions, in accordance with the range of sanctions and measures provided for in Chapter IX of Regulation (EC) No 1005/2008. Justification In order to create a level playing field, measures must be taken in all Member States, in accordance with their own legislation which have the same weight and the same impact, proportionality being a basic principle and not an option. Amendment 60 Proposal for a regulation Article 82 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. In case of a repeated serious infringement within a 5 year period, a Member State shall impose an administrative fine of a minimum of at least 10 000 EUR and a maximum of at least 600 000 EUR. 3. In case of a repeated serious infringement within a 5 year period, a Member State shall impose an administrative fine of a minimum of at least 10 000 EUR and a maximum of 600 000 EUR. Justification It is not logical to set a minimum figure for a