over under Category IV in recent years (Balkans, Afghanistan, Iraq, tsunami and other natural disasters); reminds the Council that new tasks should not be financed to the detriment of Parliament's traditional priorities; 12. Highlights the major external assistance programmes which could not be foreseen at the time of adopting the current financial perspective, such as Afghanistan, Iraq and the recent proposal for a reconstruction programme after the tsunami; is concerned about the need to provides resources for new strategic partnerships and expects the Council to recognise the current difficulties and to clearly commit to agreeing the new priorities without jeopardising the traditional policies; notes worrying decreases both for some geographical and thematic programmes and believes that a re-balancing of budgetary amounts and new resources is necessary; stresses the importance of the European Neighbourhood Policy, including support for democratic change in neighbouring countries; regrets the reduction in particular of the European Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights, the only external programme which can be applied without host country consent; highlights, further, the need to increase the EU's role at international level in the field of the CFSP and ESDP and wishes to explore the needs in the established joint CFSP-meetings with the UK Presidency before taking a final decision; 3. In this context, It is also useful to recall that the Commission's PDB suggested additional resources (over and above the financial ceiling) to the tune of EUR 123.5 million (flexibility instrument) to partially finance new tsunami reconstruction needs. The PDB thus contained a negative margin of - 123.5 million. As the EU pledged amounts for the tsunami amount to EUR 350 million in total for two years and EUR 170 million is expected to be financed in 2005, an additional EUR 180 million was included in the Commission's PDB. Since the request for flexibility is EUR 46.5 million less, this amount was found through internal cuts in other PDB lines. 4. The EP thus considered the PDB as insufficient, not least because it contained reductions in some important traditional priorities that simply seemed unacceptable. For example, this was the case for Human Rights line which was cut from EUR 105 million to EUR 77.5 million (- 27.5 million). Other cuts already in the PDB included Latin America and Development cooperation policy (see Annex 2). 5. The rapporteur underlines that, of course, the financing for the tsunami reconstruction was and is not