the guidelines to the new shape of a European Union of 25 Member States, allow funding to be earmarked for projects of common interest, enable the internal market in gas and electricity to be completed, and, above all, to guarantee security of supply by means of interconnections between Member States and with neighbouring countries (south-east Europe, Mediterranean countries, Ukraine, Belarus). This approach to trans-European energy networks mirrors the approach followed for trans-European land transport networks. At first reading, there was majority support in Parliament for the new concepts introduced by the Commission for defining action priorities, in particular the description of projects of European interest located on the priority axes and the appointment of a European coordinator, provided the latter's role is limited to complex projects which are particularly difficult to implement and is performed in cooperation with the Member States. The legislative resolution adopted by Parliament urged the Member States to work together when necessary to carry out trans-national inquiry procedures, taking into account crucial criteria such as security of supply, the environmental impact of the projects, the views of local populations, etc. Parliament took into account the changes the Council planned to introduce at first reading. Accordingly, it did not seek to call into question the projects selected by the Member States, feeling that it was neither sufficiently competent nor well informed to criticise the choice of projects. Nevertheless, in response to remarks made by a number of members, your rapporteur called on the Commission to make sure that the projects concerned were valid ones when implementing this decision. In the interests of clarity, Parliament also sought to reorganise the annexes. The resolution therefore established an order or priority for the projects with the projects of common interest representing the basis of the trans-European projects listed in Annex III and the priority projects described as projects of European interested listed in Annex I. In the common position forwarded to Parliament in mid-January, the Council adopted a different approach, simply abolishing the European coordinator and the declaration of European interest and the obligations deriving there from. The Council is accepting only the minor changes made to the Commission's proposal by Parliament's resolution. The Council wants a trans-European network but clearly sees it only as a juxtaposition of national networks and national policies. In the light of the recent crisis involving Ukraine and Russia and the declarations made at Hampton