Reply (10 May 2011) The Euro Plus Pact, as agreed by the euro area Heads of State or Government at the European Council on 24 and 25 March, provides for stronger economic policy coordination among euro area Member States and any others also wishing to participate. The text of the Pact is annexed to the Conclusions of that European Council meeting and provides full details of the overall goals of the Pact, of the areas in which concrete policy commitments are expected from participating Member States, and of the process for reviewing those commitments and progress towards achieving them. Each participating Member State will present the specific measures it will take to reach these goals. If a Member State can show that action is not needed on one or the other areas, it will not include it. The choice of the specific policy actions necessary to achieve the common objectives remains the responsibility of each country. As the first of the goals of the Pact is fostering competitiveness, each Member State will be responsible for the specific policy actions it chooses to foster competitiveness, and particular attention should be given to both measures to ensure costs developments in line with productivity and measures to increase productivity. The Pact is explicit in confirming that measures addressing cost developments should be undertaken whilst respecting national traditions of social dialogue and industrial relations. Member States are thus responsible for determining their own specific policy actions, within their national traditions of social dialogue and industrial relations. Moreover, it is recalled that Article 28 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union recognises the right of workers and employees, or their respective organisations, to negotiate and conclude collective agreements at the appropriate levels, in accordance with Union law and national laws and practice. Ensuring that cost developments (including unit labour costs) are in line with productivity is one important element in maintaining or restoring competitiveness; another is the second strand set out in this section of the Pact, that of measures to increase productivity, for instance by removing unjustified restrictions in certain sectors, improving education and promoting R & D, and making improvements to the business environment. It should moreover be recalled that in the second of its four goals, the Pact aims to foster employment, with a focus on decreasing long-term and youth unemployment rates and increasing overall labour participation rates. The