the terms of such a settlement in line with the principles on which the Union is founded; 40. Calls on the two parties to seize this opportunity to reunify the island, which has been divided for thirty years; International situation Russia 41. Welcomes the Council's intention to build a strategic partnership between the EU and the Russian Federation based upon respect for common values and the Council's affirmation of the EU's strong and genuine interest in an open, stable and democratic Russia; 42. Recalls its conviction that the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (PCA) remains the essential cornerstone of the relationship and welcomes the Council's position that the PCA will be applicable to all Member States, without precondition or distinction, as from 1 May 2004; 43. Takes the view that any discussion of Russia's legitimate concerns over the impact of enlargement must remain entirely separate from the extension of the PCA to the new Member States; 44. Reiterates its call for a political solution to the conflict in Chechnya and calls on the Council to raise this matter firmly at the upcoming EU-Russia Summit on 21 May 2004; Middle East 45. Endorses the European Council statement on the dramatic situation in the Middle East, expresses its deep concern at the situation in the Middle East and condemns, in particular, the extrajudicial killing of Hamas leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin and seven other Palestinians by Israeli forces on 22 March 2004; 46. Reiterates its condemnation of all terrorist acts against the civilian population committed by both sides and urges the Palestinians not to respond to this most recent provocation, in order to stop the spiral of violence and terrorism; 47. While recognising Israel's right and duty to defend its people from terrorist attacks, strongly rejects the practice of any extrajudicial killings as contrary to international law, creating innocent victims and leading to retaliation and more violence, and calls on civil society and all political parties in Israel to demand that its government act in full compliance with international law; 48. Calls on the Council and the Commission to consider acting in full compliance with Article 2 of the Association Agreement with Israel should the policy of extrajudicial killings continue; 49. Asks the Council to invite the Member States in the UN Security Council immediately to table a proposal for an international peacekeeping force at the 1967 borders, with the mandate to protect both