their flag or by their nationals, including the sanctions they incurred and the number of points assigned. Infringements of vessels flying their flag or by their nationals prosecuted in other Member States shall also be entered by Member States in their national data base on infringements, upon notification of the definitive ruling by the Member State having jurisdiction, pursuant to Article 82. 1. Member States shall register in a national data base all infringements against rules of the Common Fisheries Policy, committed by those responsible for vessels flying their flag or by their nationals, including the sanctions they incurred and the number of points assigned. Infringements of vessels flying their flag or by their nationals prosecuted in other Member States shall also be entered by Member States in their national data base on infringements, upon notification of the definitive ruling by the Member State having jurisdiction, pursuant to Article 82. Justification Infringements are not committed by the vessels themselves, but by those responsible for them. This obvious fact means that rigorous assessments should be made of the level of responsibility of the natural and legal persons concerned, in operational terms or as ship-owners or fishing licence holders. Vessels do not take decisions on their own; it is therefore ridiculous to penalise them as such. Infringement patterns may change radically with the arrival of a new captain or owner. Amendment 6 9 Proposal for a regulation Article 85 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. Where a Member State requests information from another Member State in relation to the prosecution of an infringement, that other Member State shall provide the relevant information on the fishing vessels and persons in question. 3. Where a Member State requests information from another Member State in relation to the prosecution of an infringement, that other Member State shall provide the relevant information on the fishing vessels and persons in question without delay . Justification Rapid exchange of information is necessary if the "risk analysis" approach proposed by the Commission is to function properly. Amendment 70 Proposal for a regulation Article 85 – paragraph 3 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3a. Information on infringements committed and for which a conviction has been obtained by the fishing vessels and individuals in question will be available to the public via the public part of the website referred in Article 107 . Justification