under the confidential procedure. Before transmission, all personal data may be expunged from the documents. Confidential information provided orally to recipients in Parliament shall be subject to the equivalent level of protection as that accorded to confidential information provided in written form. This may include a solemn declaration by recipients of that information not to divulge its contents to any third person. 3.2.3. When written information is to be examined in a secure reading room, Parliament shall ensure that the following arrangements are in place: - a secure storage system for confidential information; - a secure reading room (without photocopying machines, telephones, fax facilities, scanners or any other technical equipment for the reproduction and transmission of documents, etc.); - security provisions governing access to the reading room, including the requirements of signature in an access register and a solemn declaration not to disseminate the confidential information examined. 3.2.4. The above does not preclude other equivalent arrangements agreed between the Institutions. 3.3. In the event of non-compliance with these arrangements, the provisions relating to sanctions of Members set out in Annex VIII to Parliament's Rules of Procedure and, in respect of Parliament officials and other employees, the applicable provisions of Article 86 of the Staff Regulations Regulation (EEC, Euratom, ECSC) No 259/68 of the Council of 29 February 1968 laying down the Staff Regulations of Officials and the Conditions of Employment of Other Servants of the European Communities and instituting special measures temporarily applicable to officials of the Commission. or Article 49 of the Conditions of Employment of Other Servants of the European Communities shall apply. 4. Final provisions 4.1. The Commission and Parliament shall take all the measures required for the implementation of the provisions of this Annex. To that end, the competent services of the Commission and of Parliament shall closely coordinate the implementation of this Annex. This shall include the verification of traceability of confidential information and periodic joint monitoring of security arrangements and standards applied. Parliament undertakes to adapt, where necessary, its internal provisions so as to implement the security rules for confidential information laid down in this Annex. Parliament undertakes to adopt as soon as possible its future security arrangements and to verify those arrangements by common accord with the Commission, with a view to establishing equivalence of security standards. This will give effect to this Annex with regard to: - technical security provisions and standards