Polish government is determined to make every effort required to remedy the shortcomings identified in the Commission monitoring report. Public finances have been significantly reformed, measures are being taken to increase security at Poland’s eastern border and laws have been adopted to amend the codes of criminal and civil procedure. Also, a draft law on reproductive rights has been initiated and there are newly proposed provisions on registered partnerships as a step forward against discrimination because of sexual orientation. However, MEPs noted with anxiety that corruption is continuing to damage various spheres of economic and political activity. The reorganisation and modernisation process must continue and greater security should be provided for foreign investors, MEPs said. Unemployment remains worrying. EU legislation on food safety, environment and animal welfare is still not fully implemented, specifically concerning risk prevention and treatment of animal offal, protection of groundwater as well as animal production conditions and transport. There are delays in the setting up of administrative structures in agriculture, the effectiveness of the judicial machinery needs to be improved, an effective professional civil service needs to be set up to help citizens, and EU legislation on mutual recognition of professional qualifications must be transposed as soon as possible. Slovenia Slovenia has made significant economic progress and has lifted restrictions on direct foreign investment. It has also adjusted virtually all of its legislation. However, it will need to ensure compliance with EU rules on procurement and speed up mutual recognition of professional qualifications regarding some sectors. Although the average citizen is not involved in corruption, according to official studies, the phenomenon is more prevalent at high levels. MEPs called for further action to expedite the law on rail transport. A problematic issue in the relationship with Croatia is the latter’s unilateral declaration of an ecological zone in the Adriatic, for which a mutually acceptable solution must be found. Slovakia Slovakia continues to reform its judicial sector, but effective implementation of the EU legal and administrative framework will require further efforts over several years. The fight against corruption should be continued by the Slovak government as one of its priorities. Although Slovakia largely has all legislation in place to implement EU legislation from the date of accession, MEPs were concerned about the four problematic areas highlighted in the Commission monitoring report. They urged that the ongoing reform of public administration be completed as quickly as possible. MEPs