be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 12(2), and shall, wherever possible, use European Standards. 2. In particular, the amendments or additions necessary for applying the rules of this Regulation to solvent-based detergents shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 12(2). Article 14 Free movement clause Members States shall not prohibit, restrict or impede the placing on the market of detergents, and/or of surfactants for detergents, which comply with the requirements of this Regulation, on grounds that are dealt with in this Regulation. Pending further harmonisation, Member States may maintain or lay down national rules concerning the use of phosphates in detergents. Article 15 Safeguard clause 1. Where a Member State has justifiable grounds for believing that a specific detergent, although complying with the requirements of this Regulation, constitutes a risk to safety or health of humans or of animals or a risk to the environment, it may temporarily prohibit the placing on the market of that detergent in its territory or make it temporarily subject to special conditions. It shall immediately inform the other Member States and the Commission thereof, giving the reasons for its decision. 2. After consultation of the Member States, or, if appropriate, of the relevant technical or scientific committee of the Commission, a decision shall be taken on the matter within ninety days in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 12(2). Article 16 Review 1. By ... * Three years after the date of publication of this Regulation. , the Commission shall evaluate, submit a report on and, where justified, present a legislative proposal on the use of phosphates with a view to their gradual phase-out or restriction to specific applications. 2. By ... * Five years after the date of publication of this Regulation. , the Commission shall carry out a review of the application of this Regulation, paying particular regard to the biodegradability of surfactants, and shall evaluate, submit a report on, and, where justified, present legislative proposals relating to: - anaerobic biodegradation, - the biodegradation of main non-surfactant organic detergent ingredients. Article 17 Legislation to be repealed 1. The following Directives are hereby repealed with effect from ..... ** Date of entry into force of this Regulation. * – Directive 73/404/EEC; – Directive 73/405/EEC; – Directive 82/242/EEC; – Directive 82/243/EEC and – Directive 86/94/EEC. 2. Recommendation 89/542/EEC is hereby repealed with