make up the quorum is not present, the President shall not announce the result of the vote but shall declare that the quorum is not present. The last sentence of paragraph 3 shall not apply to votes on procedural motions but only to votes on the subject-matter itself. 4. Members who have asked for the quorum to be established shall be counted as being present within the meaning of paragraph 2, even if they are no longer in the Chamber. Members who have asked for the quorum to be established must be present in the Chamber when the request is made. 5. If fewer than 40 Members are present, the President may rule that there is no quorum. Rule 156 Tabling and moving amendments 1. Amendments for consideration in Parliament may be tabled by the committee responsible, a political group or at least 40 Members. Amendments shall be tabled in writing and signed by their authors. Amendments to documents of a legislative nature within the meaning of Rule 43(1) may be accompanied by a short justification. Such justifications shall be the responsibility of the author and shall not be put to the vote. 2. Subject to the limitations laid down in Rule 157, an amendment may seek to change any part of a text, and may be directed to deleting, adding or replacing words or figures. In this Rule and Rule 157 the term "text" means the whole of a motion for a resolution/draft legislative resolution, of a proposal for a decision or of a proposal for a legislative act. 3. The President shall set a deadline for the tabling of amendments. 4. An amendment may be moved during the debate by its author or by any other Member appointed by the author to replace him or her. 5. Where an amendment is withdrawn by its author, it shall fall unless immediately taken over by another Member. 6. Amendments shall be put to the vote only after they have been printed and distributed in all the official languages, unless Parliament decides otherwise. Parliament may not decide otherwise if at least 40 Members object. Parliament shall avoid taking decisions which would place Members who use a particular language at an unacceptable disadvantage. Where fewer than 100 Members are present, Parliament may not decide otherwise if at least one tenth of the Members present object. Oral amendments tabled in committee may be