Answer given by Mrs Wallström on behalf of the Commission (14 July 2003) The Commission is aware of the facts mentioned by the Honourable Member in connection with the project for the Cantabria-Meseta motorway In 1997 a complaint was made regarding this road because of the alleged wrong application of Directive 85/337/EEC OJ L 175, 5.7.1985 . on the assessment of the effects of certain public and private projects on the environment, as amended by Directive 97/11/EC OJ L 73, 14.3.1997 . . When the Commission investigated the case, it ascertained that the Spanish authorities had conducted an impact assessment for this project in accordance with the abovementioned Directive. The complaint was therefore closed. The complainants recently expressed their concern about changes to particular sections of the road. Modifications to a motorway section are covered by Annex II-12 to the abovementioned Directive 85/337/EEC . The projects included in this Annex are those referred to in Article 4(2) of the Directive which must accordingly be subject to an impact assessment if Member States consider that their characteristics so require. This Directive is of a procedural nature and obliges Member States to conduct an impact assessment on particular projects which could have significant adverse effects on the environment. Once the assessment has been completed, the competent authority decides whether or not the project will be carried out. The Commission does not have the power to impose the choice of a specific section on a Member State. This choice is exclusively up to the national competent authorities. According to the information available, the motorway does not cross or border on any site proposed by the Spanish authorities as a site of Community importance pursuant to Council Directive 92/43/EEC of 21 May 1992 OJ L 206, 22.7.1992 . . Consequently, and taking account of the fact that the motorway project has been subject to the mandatory impact assessment procedure as required by the abovementioned Directive, the Commission has no power to intervene in this case as it has not been able to establish any infringement of Community law.