der Hinweis auf das Subsidiaritätsprinzip unbedingt erforderlich. Nur anerkannte Qualitäts- und Sicherheitsstandards spiegeln den Stand der medizinischen Wissenschaft wider. Amendment 5 Proposal for a directive Recital 6 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (6a) In accordance with Article 168(7) TFEU , the measures adopted under paragraph 4(a) of that Article do not affect national provisions on the medical use of organs. Therefore the surgical act of transplantation itself does not fall within the scope of this Directive. However, in view of the objective of reducing the associated risks of the transplanted organs, it is necessary to include in this Directive certain provisions concerning the transplantation process and in particular provisions aimed at addressing those unintended and unexpected situations occurring during the transplantation that might affect the quality and safety of organs. Amendment 6 Proposal for a directive Recital 7 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (7) In order to reduce the risks and maximise the benefits of the transplantation process. Member States need to operate an effective national quality programme. This programme should be implemented and maintained throughout the entire chain from donation to transplantation or disposal, and should cover the personnel and organisation, premises, equipment, materials, documentation and record-keeping involved. The national quality programme should include auditing where necessary. Member States should be able to delegate, through written agreements, the responsibility for parts of this programme to European organ exchange organisations. (7) In order to reduce the risks and maximise the benefits of the transplantation process. Member States need to operate an effective national quality programme , ensuring that they have a precise description of the donor and the organs . This programme should be implemented and maintained throughout the entire chain from donation to transplantation or disposal, and should cover the personnel and organisation, premises, equipment, materials, documentation and record-keeping involved. The national quality programme should include auditing where necessary. Member States should be able to delegate, through written agreements, the responsibility for parts of this programme to European organ exchange organisations. Justification Self-explanatory. Amendment 7 Proposal for a directive Recital 10 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (10) Pre-transplant evaluation of potential donors is an essential part of organ transplantation. This evaluation must provide enough information for the transplant centre to undertake a proper risk-benefit analysis. The risks and characteristics of the organ must be identified and documented to allow allocation to a suitable recipient.