contractual obligations (Rome I) should be taken into account. (7) Carriers should be liable for loss or damage of passengers' luggage on terms comparable to those applicable to other modes of transport . Justification The amendment restores EP position at first reading by re-introducing the provision on damages which is connected to Article 7 Amendment 4 Council position – amending act Recital 8 Council position Amendment (8) Passengers should, in addition to compensation in accordance with applicable national law in the event of death or personal injury or loss of or damage to luggage due to accidents arising out of the use of the bus or coach, be entitled to assistance with regard to their immediate practical needs following an accident. Such assistance could include first aid, accommodation, food, clothes and transport. (8) Passengers should, in addition to compensation in accordance with applicable national law in the event of death or personal injury or loss of or damage to luggage due to accidents arising out of the use of the bus or coach, be entitled to assistance with regard to their immediate practical and economic needs following an accident. Such assistance should include, where necessary , first aid, accommodation, food, clothes , transport and funeral expenses . In the event of death or personal injury, the carrier shall in addition make advance payments to cover immediate economic needs on a basis proportional to the damage suffered, provided that there is prima facie evidence of causality attributable to the carrier. Justification The amendment aims to restore the EP position at first reading concerning assistance and advance payments. Amendment 5 Council position – amending act Recital 11 Council position Amendment (11) In deciding on the design of new terminals, and as part of major refurbishments, terminal managing bodies should, where possible , take into account the needs of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility. In any case, terminal managing bodies should designate points where such persons can notify their arrival and need for assistance. (11) In deciding on the design of new terminals, and as part of major refurbishments, terminal managing bodies should, without exception and as an essential condition , take into account the needs of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility , in accordance with ‘design for all’ requirements In any case, terminal managing bodies should designate points where such persons can notify their arrival and need for