Answer given by Mr Barnier on behalf of the Commission (10 August 2011) 1. The Commission closely follows the case-law deriving from Directive 98/44/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 July 1998 on the legal protection of biotechnological inventions (hereafter: the ‘Biotechnology Directive’). The development of case-law, however, has been rather slow, due to delays in full implementation by all the Member States. So far only two important rulings on the basis of the directive have been made: On 6 July 2010 the Court of Justice gave its ruling on the so-called ‘Monsanto case’ (C-428/08) concerning DNA-based patents. In that case, the Court clarified that patent protection for a gene sequence is not unlimited. Another important case (Case C‑34/10) on the patentability of human embryonic stem cells is pending at the Court of Justice of the European Union. Nevertheless the Commission will carefully consider whether further action would be appropriate at this stage. The Community Plant Variety Rights (CPVR) acquis has recently been evaluated and the results thereof have been published http://ec.europa.eu/food/plant/propertyrights/docs/cpvr_evaluation_final_report.pdf . With respect to the interaction of the CPVR acquis and the patent rights, the report acknowledges that the EU legislative framework for patents allows for overlap between patents and the plant variety rights. This is a major concern amongst stakeholders, particularly as patents become more prevalent in agricultural research. Determining whether a plant variety may overlap with a patent can be difficult without sufficient legal and technical expertise. The evaluators therefore recommend that the Community Plant Variety Office (CPVO) could help to inform breeders of these overlaps by assembling and publishing more information on plant-related patents and their implications for particular plant varieties. 2. The Commission is aware that the seed industry has undergone structural changes over recent decades and that the global seed market is led by a small group of multinational integrated life science companies. Many factors have played a role leading to this large consolidation. Not only the presence of intellectual property rights, such as patents, but also advancements in plant science and plant breeding, the application of genetic modification and the related, (GMO) regulatory compliance costs, increasing R & D costs and the need for the expansion of and access to new markets in order for the seed industry to remain competitive have played a vital role in this regard. 3. Patent law is an area that is highly