4. In case of interoperable systems , each system determines its own rules on the moment of revocation in its system . One system’s rules on moment of revocation shall not be affected by any rules of the other systems with which it is interoperable. 4. In the case of interoperable arrangements , each system determines in its own rules the moment of revocation in its system , so as to ensure, as far as possible, that the rules of all systems which are party to an interoperable arrangement are coordinated in this regard. Unless expressly provided otherwise by the rules of all the interoperable arrangements concerned, one system’s rules on the moment of revocation shall not be affected by any rules of the other systems with which it is interoperable. Justification In the definition of ‘interoperable systems’, the term ‘system’ should be replaced by ‘arrangements’ (entered into by two or more systems) so as to avoid creating confusion between interoperability and a system as such and hence suggesting that the intention is to establish a new category of systems. The ECB proposed an amendment to the same effect in its opinion of 7 August 2008. Amendment 1 5 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 1 – point 3 a (new) Directive 98/26/EC Article 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3a) Article 4 is replaced by the following: “Article 4 Member States may provide that the opening of insolvency proceedings against a participant or a system operator of an interoperable system shall not prevent funds or securities available on the settlement account of that participant from being used to fulfil that participant’s obligations in the system on the business day , as defined by the rules of the system, of the opening of the insolvency proceedings. Furthermore, Member States may also provide that such a participant’s credit facility connected to the system be used against available, existing collateral security to fulfil that participant’s obligations in the system or in the interoperable system.” Amendment 1 6 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 1 – point 4 Directive 98/26/EC Article 5 – subparagraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment “In case of interoperable systems , each system determines its own rules on the moment of revocation in its system. One system’s rules on moment of revocation shall not be affected by any rules of the other