Question for written answer P-010243/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Zuzana Roithová (PPE) (7 November 2011) Subject: Obstacles to the development of renewable energy (especially solar) in the Czech Republic Renewable energy (especially solar) is under constant pressure from the Czech authorities. The fact that the relevant financial support and legal rules are very unstable is not conducive to the development of this sector, especially when it comes to individuals or SMEs investing in green technologies. These obstacles are of a long-term nature, and are also of relevance to investors from other Member States and third countries; they are therefore affecting the functioning of the internal market. It seems that the real beneficiary of this situation may be the dominant companies on the Czech market, especially the state-owned ones. This will have serious consequences in terms of the rules on unfair competition and state aid. The most recent case, which is raising numerous questions, concerns the government’s proposal to pass new legislation (Act No 369/3) in the Chamber of Deputies. This proposal would effectively override the Constitutional Court — which is supposed to decide on constitutional complaints concerning retrospective legislation that has already been adopted — and abolish fixed prices for solar energy producers (allowing for a return on investment within a predictable period), leaving those prices to be determined on the unclear basis of the spot market for electricity. The legislation would force all existing renewable electricity producers to switch to the new system by cancelling their current contracts with the grid operators. This represents a serious breach of the principle of the rule of law, bringing about a further major retrospective change. If the legislation is adopted, there will be a danger of spill-over effects to other Member States. 1. Is the Commission aware of these problems? 2. Is it monitoring the situation in the Czech Republic, and will it request information from the Czech Government and independent sources with a view to clarifying these issues? 3. Will the Commission give further consideration to these matters in order to check whether the Czech Republic is fulfilling its obligations as regards environmental protection, support for renewable energies, and — given the involvement of state-owned companies — the rules on unfair competition?