WRITTEN QUESTION E-2016/05 by Erik Meijer (GUE/NGL) and Kartika Liotard (GUE/NGL) to the Commission (6 June 2005) Subject: Selling-on of scrapped electrical equipment for dismantling in the Third World instead of submitting it for environmentally sound disposal 1. Is the Commission aware that a survey published on 24 May 2005 by the inspectorate of the Netherlands Ministry of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment revealed that much scrapped electronic equipment, such as televisions, computers, washing machines, refrigerators and microwave ovens, is not dismantled in an environmentally sound manner as promised and then reused but, after receipt by chains of shops, is sold on to businesses which put this hazardous waste to uses that are not known in advance? 2. Is the Commission aware that, in the Netherlands in 2004, consumers paid suppliers a total of EUR 40 million in ‘disposal charges’ at the time of purchase in order to be able to deliver broken equipment to a regional transit station which was supposed to have it dealt with by a competent waste processing company but that in addition the supplier earns EUR 5 per item of scrap equipment by selling it on? 3. Is the Commission aware that the Dutch ministry estimates that 20 % of old televisions are illegally exported to Asia and Africa and that, according to Greenpeace, this is generating an ever more rapidly growing stream of electronics waste (‘e-waste’) which is dismantled in India, China, the Philippines and Thailand, partly by children, causing poisoning of man and the environment with lead and dioxin? 4. Is the Commission aware of any similar data from other EU Member States concerning the failure of collection systems, inexpert processing and hazardous exports? 5. What is the Commission doing to genuinely combat such exports, not only by means of bans but also by means of effective checks on exports, better collection systems in all Member States and limits on quantities of pollutants in the products? Source: Het Financiële Dagblad, 24 May 2005.