not exceed three, including sub-chapters. In accordance with Rule 140, Parliament may abandon a topic due to be debated and replace it with an unscheduled topic. Motions for resolutions on the subjects chosen shall be tabled by the evening of the day on which the agenda is adopted. The President shall set the precise deadline for tabling such motions for resolutions. 3. The total speaking time for the political groups and non-attached Members shall be allocated in accordance with the procedure laid down in Rule 149(4) and (5) within the maximum time for debates of 60 minutes per part-session. Any time remaining after deducting the time required to introduce and vote on the motions for resolutions and any speaking time allocated to the Commission and Council shall be divided among the political groups and the non-attached Members. 4. At the end of the debate there shall be an immediate vote. Rule 170 shall not apply. Votes taken under this Rule may be organised on a collective basis under the responsibility of the President and the Conference of Presidents. 5. If two or more motions for resolutions are tabled on the same subject, the procedure set out in Rule 110(4) shall apply. 6. The President and political group Chairs may decide that a motion for a resolution will be put to the vote without debate. Such a decision shall require the unanimous assent of all the political group Chairs. The provisions of Rules 174, 175 and 177 do not apply to motions for resolutions included on the agenda for a debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law. Motions for resolutions are tabled for a debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law only after the list of subjects has been adopted. Motions for resolutions that cannot be dealt with in the time allocated to the debate shall lapse. The same applies to motions for resolutions in respect of which it is established, following a request under Rule 155(3), that a quorum is not present. Members are entitled to retable such motions either for consideration in committee under Rule 120 or for the debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law at the next part-session. A subject may not be included on the agenda for a debate on cases of breaches of human