contract and the specifications annexed thereto; it shall grant the concessionaire the right to use the tangible and intangible assets referred to in paragraph 1 of Article 3 for the duration of the concession. – It shall act as a licensing authority vis-à-vis the private concessionaire responsible for implementing and managing the programme deployment and operating phases; under this head, it shall conclude with the latter the concession contract . In the event of delays in setting up the Supervisory Authority, the Commission and Council may authorise the Joint Undertaking to sign the contract. The Supervisory Authority shall ensure that the concessionaire complies with the concession contract and the specifications annexed thereto; it shall grant the concessionaire the right to use the tangible and intangible assets referred to in paragraph 1 of Article 3 for the duration of the concession. Amendment 7 Article 2, indent 4 – It shall act as the depositary of all the frequencies necessary to ensure the operation of the system and will be responsible for coordinating Member State actions in this respect; it shall deal directly with the concessionaire on matters relating to the use of these frequencies. – It shall act as the user rights depositary for all the frequencies necessary to ensure the operation of the system . The Member States shall agree to transfer these rights to the Supervisory Authority, which will be responsible for coordinating Member State actions in this respect; it shall deal directly with the concessionaire on matters relating to the use of these frequencies. Amendment 8 Article 2, indent 4a (new) – It shall ensure that the system and its components are certified; it shall employ recognised certification bodies to grant certificates and verify compliance with the relevant standards and conditions. Amendment 10/rev. Article 4, paragraph 3 3. The seat of the Supervisory Authority shall be located in Brussels. The Supervisory Authority may set up its own local offices in the Member States, subject to the agreement of the latter. 3. The seat of the Supervisory Authority shall be located close to the seat of the concessionaire. Its second seat shall be in Brussels. It may set up its own local offices in other Member States, subject to the agreement of the latter. Amendment 11/rev. Article 5, paragraph 2 2. The Administrative Board shall be made up of twelve members. Six shall be appointed by the Commission, and