progress has already been made; - however, the broad debate envisaged by the Heads of State or Government is currently largely absent in the Member States and it will be difficult to make progress in the absence of such debate; - the primary responsibility for the debates during the reflection period lies with the Member States although the European Institutions have an important responsibility to stimulate a wider debate at European level; - the European Institutions should also engage actively in the debates at national, regional and local level in providing assistance and support in their organisation; - civil society organisations can play an important supportive role and should therefore be involved in genuine local, regional and national dialogue. * * * Opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee on the Reflection period: structure, items and framework for appraisal of the debate on the European Union On 6 September 2005, the European Parliament decided to consult the European Economic and Social Committee, under Article 262 of the Treaty establishing the European Community, on the Reflection period: structure, items and framework for appraisal of the debate on the European Union. and under Rule 19, paragraph 1 of its Rules of Procedure, the Committee decided to establish a subcommittee to prepare its work on the matter. The Subcommittee on Reflection: debate on the European Union, which was responsible for preparing the Committee's work on the subject, adopted its opinion on 13 October 2005. The rapporteur was Ms Jillian van Turnhout. At its 421st plenary session held on 26 and 27 October 2005 (meeting of 26 October), the European Economic and Social Committee adopted the following opinion by 130 votes to 3 with 3 abstentions. * * * 1. The underlying logic and analyses remain the same 1.1 The logic and analyses that led the EESC to adopt, with a very large majority its opinion in favour of the Constitutional Treaty (28 October 2004) CESE 1416/2004. have not changed, and nor therefore have the arguments and recommendations developed. Indeed, in the Committee's opinion the vagaries of the ratification process of the Constitutional Treaty confirm the validity of the positions it has taken. 1.2 For example, the referendum results in France and the Netherlands not only demonstrate the failure of the Member States and the European institutions to communicate to the public what Europe is actually about and how it reaches agreements but,