contributions due; notes that reforms must provide for an effective and smooth transitional regime; calls on the Member States to launch campaigns which enable and encourage citizens to inform themselves on the impact on their pension decisions as well as to ensure adequate pension provision for themselves; POLICY COORDINATION 61. Considers that, in the further debate on an adequate, safe and sustainable pension system, it would be helpful to establish a European pensions platform involving representatives of EU institutions, social partners and relevant stakeholders to exchange information about best practice and help to prepare policy initiatives, all in compliance with the subsidiarity principle; considers that, in order to avoid overlap in this context, account should be taken of the existing advisory committee on supplementary pensions (the ‘Pensions Forum’); 62. Calls on the Commission to consider setting up a special task force on pensions, involving all relevant DGs with competences relating to pensions issues; 63. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council, the Commission and the governments and parliaments of the Member States. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Demographic trends, i.e. the inverted population pyramid which we can expect in due course and the longer life expectancy which we have the good fortune to enjoy, in which context older people remain healthy and active and participate in society for longer, make it necessary to consider a strategy for fresh cohesion and coherence in the field of pensions. It is high time for initiatives which redefine the future of young and old and solidarity between generations and people, thus contributing to sustainable, secure and adequate income provision after retirement. The rapporteur fully realises that there are major disparities between pension systems in Europe, and that new Member States and their citizens face extra problems because it is so desirable to establish a diversified pension system (with several pillars), in order to spread risks. In addition, many Member States with pay-as-you-go systems (particularly the EU-15) are confronted with big increases in costs now and in the future, which means growing pressure on solidarity and heavier burdens for the younger generation. Moreover, the financial and economic crisis has shown that no pension system is immune to such events but that large budget deficits, high unemployment and very limited scope for increasing the burden of taxation and other levies particularly hit pay-as-you-go systems. Young people are entering the labour market later because they are better