society activists were condemned by the President of the European Parliament, the EU High Representative and the UN General Secretary, 1. Underlines that the Preliminary Conclusions of the OSCE PA and OSCE/ODIHR statement note the following: ‘While the overall voting process was assessed as good, the process deteriorated significantly during the vote count undermining the steps taken to improve the election. (...) The count was largely conducted in a non-transparent manner, generally in silence, which undermined its credibility. In many cases, observers were restricted and did not have a real opportunity to observe the counting. In some cases the figures recorded in the results of polling station protocols were different upon arrival at the Territorial Election Commissions (TEC)’; 2. In this context calls on the Belarusian authorities to repeat the presidential elections; 3. Condemns the use of brutal force by the police and KGB services against the protesters on the Election Day and in particular expresses its indignation over a brutal attack on Mr Niakliayeu, both examples of the severe violation of basic democratic principles such as freedom of assembly and freedom of expression, as well as of human rights; 4. Condemns the Belarusian authorities for failing to provide unhindered access of the detainees to the legal and most of all, medical assistance; 5. Condemns the arrests and detentions of over 700 protesters and seven of the nine alternative presidential candidates; 6. Is concerned about the criminal proceedings being carried out by the Belarusian authorities against almost all presidential candidates, leaders of the democratic opposition (Anatol Liebiedzka and Pavel Seviarynets) as well as great number of civil society activists, journalists, teachers and students that could lead to sentences of up to 15 years in prison; 7. Condemns the repressions and harassment of the civil society activists which followed Election Day, including mass searches in private apartments, offices of the media outlets and the civil society organisations, expulsions from universities and workplaces; 8. Demands an immediate and unconditional release of all those detained during Election Day and in its aftermath as well as the prisoner of conscience recognised by Amnesty International (Mikalay Autukhovich); 9. Regrets the decision of the Belarusian authorities to terminate the mission of the OSCE Office in Belarus and calls on the Belarusian authorities to withdraw this decision immediately and reopen the office; 10. Condemns the blockage of a number of major Internet websites, including networking channels and