fished so intensely that the yield is reduced. Scientists warn that the quantity of mature fish is below what is necessary for the long-term sustainability of commercially exploited stocks, jeopardising both the long term sustainability of fishing activities and the marine ecosystem balance. One of the reasons of the perceived failure of CFP is that Member States have not properly controlled how much fish is taken out of the sea each year, and no effective monitor system was put in place concerning the transhipment of fish stocks. Moreover, the level of sanctions in the EU is generally so low that they do not deter people from illegal fishing practices. This allows the fishing industry to consider the sanctions imposed as a mere running cost of their operations, thereby removing any real incentive to comply with the CFP provisions. Infringements of the applicable rules should lead to dissuasive sanctions. However, Member States with effective control systems could be given preferential access to community resources and the EC should establish appropriate financial incentives on the basis of a reward system. If the CFP main objective is to achieve the sustainable use of the fisheries resources, then the present control, inspection and sanction systems must be strengthened considerably. The ultimate goal of control and enforcement is to ensure that the fisheries activities are truly sustainable and that operators do not damage the marine ecosystems through overfishing. Without effective controls it is impossible to have reliable figures for catches and landings. Collecting accurate data is crucial for the assessment of scientific advice on how many fish can safely be caught in the future and thereby ensuring the health of our marine living resources and a sustainable and economic viable livelihood for those fishing communities which would otherwise have few alternatives to sustain themselves. AMENDMENTS The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety calls on the Committee on Fisheries, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following amendments in its report: Amendment 1 Proposal for a regulation Recital 18 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (18a) The Commission should propose binding legislative measures in 2010 for the reduction of EU fishing capacity. Justification One of the main drivers of the ongoing overfishing is the vast overcapacity of the European fleet. In fact, the most recent estimation by the Commission suggested that there is more than 40% overcapacity in the fleet. Until