understood the concerns of ACP countries, stating that the EU also shared these concerns. Less flexible funding, slower dispersion and the non-spending of the annual budget were all legitimate concerns. Oubkiri Marc YAO (Burkina Faso) stated that he shared the concerns over the slow dispersion as well as a reduction in flexibility. He stressed that the goal was to reduce poverty which could be achieved by increasing the absorption capacity of developing countries. Georges RAWIRI (Gabon) recalled that, at the JPA's 6th session in Rome, the Assembly had adopted a resolution on better use of EDF money. He also stressed. the objectives of reducing poverty. Miguel Angel MARTÍNEZ MARTÍNEZ (PES, Spain) said that nobody in the debate so far had opposed budgetisation. He underlined that several Member States had wanted to reduce contributions to the EU budget and that several Member States did not want to pay for development at all. This was particularly true in some of the new Member States. The only way to guarantee sufficient funding for developing countries was through budgetisation of the EDF. He also stressed that the previous Conservative Spanish government had been opposed to budgetisation whereas the " new progressive Spanish government " agreed with the concept of budgetisation as well as increased funding. Walter FRANCOIS (St Lucia) stated that the scrutiny of a budget was a key power for any parliament. The ACP countries needed guarantees that budgetisation would not lead to a reduction in development aid. He was confident that the European Parliament would be able to provide this guarantee but stressed the importance of ring fencing the money. Carl SCHLYTER (Greens/EFA, Sweden) stated that some of the concerns resulted from a lack of proper information. He stressed that the problem lay with Member States due to their " ambitious number of EU projects " which could endanger development aid. In particular, he singled out the EU's space programme as " unnecessary ." Youssouf Moussa DAWALEH MP (Djibouti) stated that, despite the successive EDF monies, poverty had not yet been properly tackled. He stressed that the problems of HIV/AIDs and malaria should be fought as a priority. Petros OLANGO MP (Ethiopia) stated that there was a consensus on both sides. However he recognised that some delegates were still doubtful about the benefits of budgetisation. He said it was important to learn from past experience and examine strengths and weaknesses of the