now almost at the point of expanding to cover the ten new Member States. This will doubtless occasion new problems, as the part of the current Report dealing with Enlargement already foreshadows. Reports in this series provide the only synoptic monitoring device concerning the robustness of the Rule of Law in the European Union. This is of fundamental importance. The Union aspires to be a union under law. This requires meticulous respect both by the Union institutions and by the Member States for the laws enacted by the Union's legislature. Since the Council of Ministers is one branch of the Union legislature, representing Governments of the Member States, it ought not to be unduly burdensome to secure effective transposition and implementation of laws, since Governments have already assented to them. Nevertheless, there is a fairly steady incidence of transpositional delay and inefficiency, and the Commission's vigilance is much needed. For example, one might note with regret and a certain sense of irony that "The period for transposing Directive 2000/35/CE on combating late payment in commercial transactions expired in August 2002. Only eight Member States transposed in time. The Commission accordingly opened infringement proceedings against the other seven. It then received national measures from Italy, Austria and the Netherlands, leaving four Member States still in an infringement situation." (Twentieth Report, 2. 2. 7 ) More seriously, there are extraneous indicators of a disturbing readiness to abuse the rule of law in individual cases. Some examples that may be cited here are the following: Italy has since 14 years past been adjudged to have failed to fulfil the Community entitlements of one group of university teachers (lecturers in foreign languages) . This has several times been the subject of resolutions in the European Parliament, and, even more seriously, has been the subject of four adverse judgements by the European Court of Justice, most recently Commission v Italy (Case C-212/99, judgement reported in 2001), yet as of the end of 2003 no finally effective action has been taken by the Italian State to observe its legal obligations to the European citizens affected by its non-compliant conduct. Another shocking case was that of the French State's refusal to admit importation of beef from the United Kingdom after that had been declared free of BSE by the European authorities ( Commission v France , Case C-1-00,). On the pretext of giving its national authorities a