for creating jobs and growth as well as for maintaining international competitiveness; whereas the European Union should therefore, within the framework of the market access strategy, continue its work of opening EU markets as well as encouraging its trading partners to bring down their own barriers and further open their markets, E. whereas adequate access to third-country markets will enable EU domestic producers to remain leaders in high added-value goods and services, enhance the innovation of their products, promote creativity, protect intellectual property right s (IPRs) and achieve significant economies of scale, F. whereas developments in international trade make access to third-country markets as important as defending EU markets from unfair trading practices, G. whereas trade liberalisation and the increasing volume of trade promote international competition, but also increase the risk of exports being subject to trade barriers, which have a damaging impact on the international competitiveness of EU firms, H. whereas the competitiveness of the EU economy is undoubtedly affected by protectionist behaviour which is not based on World Trade Organization (WTO) rules, whether inside or outside the Community, I. whereas the dismantling of trade barriers will certainly enhance Europe's exports of goods and services and guarantee steady growth in the EU economy, J. whereas account should be taken of the ineffective protection of IPRs, including geographical indications and appellations of origin, by the European Union's trading partners globally, K. whereas it is of the utmost importance to make a distinction between a priori unjustified trade barriers resulting from the incoherent implementation of established bilateral and multilateral trade rules, and trade barriers resulting from the legitimate legislative and administrative activity of public authorities that originate in fields other than trade but have unintended consequences on trade, L. whereas burdensome customs procedures for import, export and transit and sanitary and phytosanitary restrictions not justified under existing WTO rules, the unfair use of trade defence instruments (TDIs) and poor protection of IPRs are clearly a priori unjustified trade barriers which need to be addressed in order to facilitate market access for EU companies, M. whereas, despite the extreme difficulty of estimating with any accuracy the volume of EU trade hampered by foreign market restrictions, it seems clear that trade barriers have a significant impact on overall EU export performance, N. whereas the European Union's economic presence is generally stronger in industrialised countries where demand is static but significantly weaker in rapidly