habitually resident in a Member State other than the Member State of the court or tribunal seised. 2. Domicile shall be determined in accordance with Articles 59 and 60 of Regulation (EC) No 44/2001. 3. The relevant moment for determining whether there is a cross-border case is the date on which the claim form is received by the court or tribunal with jurisdiction. CHAPTER II THE EUROPEAN SMALL CLAIMS PROCEDURE Article 4 Commencement of the Procedure 1. The claimant shall commence the European Small Claims Procedure by filling in standard claim Form A, as set out in Annex I, and lodging it with the court or tribunal with jurisdiction directly, by post or by any other means of communication, such as fax or e-mail, acceptable to the Member State in which the procedure is commenced. The claim form shall include a description of evidence supporting the claim and be accompanied, where appropriate, by any relevant supporting documents. 2. Member States shall inform the Commission which means of communication are acceptable to them. The Commission shall make such information publicly available. 3. Where a claim is outside the scope of this Regulation, the court or tribunal shall inform the claimant to that effect. Unless the claimant withdraws the claim, the court or tribunal shall proceed with it in accordance with the relevant procedural law applicable in the Member State in which the procedure is conducted. 4. Where the court or tribunal considers the information provided by the claimant to be inadequate or insufficiently clear or if the claim form is not filled in properly, it shall, unless the claim appears to be clearly unfounded or the application inadmissible, give the claimant the opportunity to complete or rectify the claim form or to supply supplementary information or documents or to withdraw the claim, within such period as it specifies. The court or tribunal shall use standard Form B, as set out in Annex II, for this purpose. Where the claim appears to be clearly unfounded or the application inadmissible or where the claimant fails to complete or rectify the claim form within the time specified, the application shall be dismissed. 5. Member States shall ensure that the claim form is available at all courts and tribunals at which the European Small Claims Procedure can be commenced. Article 5 Conduct of the Procedure 1. The European Small Claims Procedure shall be a written