at least 500 redundancies over a four-month period in an enterprise in a Member State, including workers made redundant in its suppliers and downstream producers and was submitted within the deadline of 10 weeks (Art. 5 of the Regulation). Commission's assessment was based on the evaluation of the link between the redundancies and major structural changes in world trade patterns or the financial crisis, the unforeseen nature of the concerned redundancies, demonstration of number of redundancies and compliance with the criteria of Article 2 (a), explanation of the unforeseen nature of those redundancies, identification of dismissing enterprises and workers targeted for assistance, the territory concerned and its authorities and stakeholders, the impact for the redundancies as regards the local, regional or national employment, co-ordinated package of personalised services to be funded, including its compatibility with actions funded by the Structural Funds, dates on which the personalised services to affected workers were started or planned to start, procedures for consulting the social partners, management and control systems. In accordance with Commission's assessment, the application fulfils the eligibility criteria set up by the EGF Regulation and recommends to the Budget Authority to approve the applications. In order to mobilise the Fund, the Commission has submitted to the Budget Authority a transfer request for a global amount of EUR 6.247.415 from the EGF reserve (40 02 43) in commitments to the EGF budget line 04 05 01. The Rapporteur welcomes the fact that, following repeated requests from the Parliament, for the first time the 2011 budget shows payment appropriations (EUR 47.608.950) on the EGF budget line. She reminds in fact that the EGF was created as a separate specific instrument with its own objectives and deadlines and that as such deserves a dedicated allocation, which will avoid transfers from other budget lines - as happened in the past - which could be detrimental to the achievement of the various policies objectives. The IIA allows the mobilisation of the Fund within the annual ceiling of EUR 500 million. This is the fourth proposal for the mobilisation of the Fund submitted to the Budget Authority in 2011. Therefore, deducing from the appropriations available the current amount requested (EUR 6.247.415) an amount of EUR 483.381.264 remains available until the end of 2011. This will leave more than 25% of the maximum annual amount earmarked for the EGF available for allocations during the last four month on