funding and launching of this programme; 32. Takes note of the requests of the European Council aimed at speeding up the adoption of the new priority projects for the trans-European transport networks (TENs), which should reduce bottlenecks in regions such as the Alps, the Pyrenees and the Baltic Sea; Development 33. Welcomes the agreement reached on ODA by the Foreign Ministers in Barcelona, which implies the determination of all Member States to reach the UN goal of 0.7% of ODA/GNI in the next years, so that, collectively, an EU average of 0.39% is reached by 2006; Constitutional affairs 34. Welcomes the initiative of the Council Secretary-General, Mr Javier Solana, to make all appropriate contacts with the members of the European Council with a view to submitting a report at the Seville meeting in June, proposing specific measures for making the Council more efficient and ensuring grater transparency of the legislative process; Foreign affairs The Balkans 35. Welcomes the Serbia-Montenegro agreement signed on 14 February 2002 in Belgrade, since it will contribute to resolving the political differences of the two republics and will give a major boost to stability in the region; Zimbabwe 36. Expresses its concern and disappointment at the form taken by the recent elections in Zimbabwe, in the light of the threats and intimidations perpetrated against citizens who were thus prevented from voting freely; The Middle East 37. Expresses its deep consternation and regret at the large and daily increasing number of civilian and military casualties; 38. Calls on both sides, once the violence has ceased, to accept international mediation, including a monitoring mechanism, in order to help them find a political solution to the hostilities; 39. Believes that both sides must reach an agreement on the creation of an independent Palestinian state on a viable basis, and that the state of Israel must be allowed to exist in safety within boundaries that are recognised and respected by the international community and the Arab world; 40. Notes with interest the peace plan proposed by the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia for the normalisation of relations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority, which proposes concessions on both sides while recognising both parties' rights; 41. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Commission, the Council, and the Governments and Parliaments of the Member States and the applicant countries.