substantive rules regarding intermediated securities. The provisions in the draft convention are in part modelled on the Financial Collateral Arrangements Directive and Settlement Finality Directive and should not give rise to any problems of incompatibility. Furthermore, the provisions relating to credit claims are in line with the new provisions of the Consumer Credit Directive. The report supports the exclusion from the scope of the proposal of consumer loans, as defined in the Consumer Credit Directive, as well as the exclusion of loans given to small enterprises. The rapporteur is also of the opinion that the proposal brings some useful elements of simplification and clarification to the two directives. For example, the proposal seeks to facilitate the use of credit claims as collateral by suggesting a light regime for the evidencing of the provision of credit claims as collateral instead of a lengthy (and thus costly) procedure whereby proof of each individual credit claim would be required. The proposal also suggests to delete the unused opt-out provision in Article 4 (3) FCD and seeks to eliminate the outdated references in the two directives. As regards the SFD, clarifying its provisions will simplify its application. For example, the proposal clarifies the personal scope of the SFD by clearly including Electronic Money Institutions in Article 2. Main changes introduced by the report The rapporteur is of the opinion that the Commission proposal for a recast of both directives is sound and coherent to the existing EU legislation. The rapporteur would nevertheless propose few substantial, as well as a number of minor clarifications. As regards the Settlement Finality Directive, several amendments to the Commission proposal are introduced to clarify definitions of interoperable systems in order to improve legal certainty in the application of the Directive to such systems. As regards the Financial Collateral Directive, the rapporteur proposes three substantial changes. First, consumer credit as well as credit for small enterprises is excluded from the scope of the Directive. A definition of a small enterprise is introduced in order not to exempt an unnecessarily large part of business loans from the scope of the Directive. Second, some Member States currently have requirements for a formal notification or registration of the use of credit claims as collateral. The current Council compromise does allow their maintenance. However, the experience from Member States where credit claims are already widely used as collateral does not suggest such requirements are