finance to support EU activities, to contribute to operations run by other international organisations and to fund NGO activities, as appropriate". (5) The machinery must in particular make it possible, by means of fast-track decision-making mechanisms, to rapidly mobilise and commit financial and other resources that are available under these external policies or programmes. (Amendment 6) Recital 6 (6) There is a need, in support of existing Community programmes relating to cooperation with third countries, to undertake rapid and efficient action to project security and stability beyond the borders of the European Union wherever the lives and physical integrity of women and men and the respect for human solidarity depend on its intervention. (6) The Council and Commission are responsible for ensuring the consistency of the external measures pursued by the European Union, in its policies for foreign relations and security, in the economic, social and environmental field, for development and equal opportunities between men and women. (Amendment 7) Recital 7 (7) The Community's early awareness of crises and rapid response mechanisms need further development with a view to permitting rapid deployment of financial and other resources to prevent crises from spreading or escalating into armed conflicts. Deleted (Amendment 8) Recital 8 (8) There is a need to make available at short notice, in the event of security-related crisis situations, accelerated decision-making mechanisms for specific and immediate interventions limited in time, and acting, if so required, as precursors of regular Community instruments to which action can thereafter be transferred. Deleted (Amendment 9) Recital 9a (new) (9a) The Rapid Reaction Facility should be supported by the setting up of civil headline goals as well as by the establishment of a European Public Security Force. (Amendment 10) Recital 9b (new) (9b) The Rapid Reaction Facility should be supported by a specific and properly trained financial management and implementation cell . (Amendment 12) Recital 11 (11) In accordance with Article 2 of Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission( 1 ), measures for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted by use of the advisory procedure provided for in Article 3 of that Decision. ____________ ( 1 ) OJ L 184, 17.7.1999, p. 23. Deleted (Amendment 14) Recital 12a (new) (12a) Expenditure on the type of interventions under this Regulation was not foreseen in the financial perspective agreed