on BEREC to develop EU guidelines to ensure that advertised broadband speeds appropriately reflect the average up‑ and download speeds users can actually expect and to ensure comprehensive consumer information about the services offered, in order to secure transparency on the benefits of new technology, promote comparability and enhance competition; asks BEREC to ensure that typical broadband speeds experienced by consumers are advertised fairly in the interests of transparency on the benefits of new technology for upload and download; calls on NRAs to take measures against providers that do not comply with BEREC recommendations; 60. Reiterates the importance of future high-speed services that will deliver the EU’s energy efficiency and safety objectives and other communications capabilities (e.g. efficient and intelligent transport systems, and person-to-person, person-to-machine and machine-to-machine communication systems); 61. Notes that new fibre-optics networks offer consumers high-quality access at consistently higher speeds than existing technology; believes that it would be expedient to prioritise the development of fibre-optics-based broadband in areas where it represents the most economic and sustainable solution in the long term; 62. Asks the Commission to present a report annually to Parliament on broadband offerings and choice effectively available to users in the EU, as well as on progress towards implementing the framework for electronic communications and the NGA recommendation; 63. Calls on the Commission to coordinate best practices among the Member States in the field of publicly accessible, free, high-speed WiFi networks in public transport; 64. Emphasises that the development of new information and communications technologies, together with broadband internet, is a great opportunity to further improve communication and dialogue between the citizens and institutions of the European Union; 65. Calls on the Commission to come up with more detailed assessments regarding the impact that certain broadband-related technologies, in particular person-to-person, person-to-machine and machine-to-machine communication systems, could have on health; emphasises the need for the EU to constantly monitor and assess the health risks of wireless internet so that citizens are not exposed to health-damaging radiation; 5. E- Initiatives : promoting demand 66. Calls for specific measures to be taken to ensure that SMEs can fully enjoy the potential of broadband in the fields of e‑commerce and e‑procurement; calls on the Commission to exchange best practices and to consider taking on board a specific programme for SMEs and broadband connectivity as part of the Digital Agenda; 67. Stresses that, in order to optimise its impact and