of country allocated tariff rate quota or increasing existing ones. Secondly, pre accession erga omnes tariff rate quota of Bulgaria and Romania (not country allocated but open to the whole world) also need to be added to the existing erga omnes tariff rate quota of the EU. The products concerned in this agreement are meat of sheep or goats (for Australia and New Zealand) and high quality beef. The implementing Regulation will consequently be adopted by the Commission, pursuant to Article 144 of the Single Common Market Organisation (CMO) Regulation 1234 (2007) of 22 October 2007. The regulation is at present being revised. In agreement with the ongoing alignment to the delegated and implementing acts procedure in Art 290 and 291 TEU, the Commission proposes in Proposal for a new CMO Regulation (COM (2010) 799) 'Tariff quotas (...) shall be opened and administrated by the Commission by means of delegated and implementing acts.' Observations from the rapporteur Your rapporteur welcomes the agreement with New Zealand and believes the European Parliament should give its consent. New Zealand has the right to have its trading rights, which were slightly eroded due to the enlargement of the EU customs union with Romania and Bulgaria, restored. Article XXIV: 4 GATT rightly underlines that ...'the purpose of a customs union or of a free-trade area should be to facilitate trade between the constituent territories and not to raise barriers to the trade of other contracting parties with such territories'. This agreement is another sign that the EU wants to respect the rules of the multilateral trading regime, hoping to contribute to a collective willingness to reach a comprehensive deal in the Doha Development Round. In general, enlargement of the EU has been positive for the WTO membership. In case of acceding countries had higher tariffs than the EU tariff, the gain is for the WTO membership. In the opposite case where the acceding countries had lower tariffs than the EU and now have to increase their tariff, the EU will compensate the difference. So overall the WTO members will be winners. The Commission has rightly chosen the enlargement of the tariff rate quota for New Zealand for products involved as the instrument of compensation, since it is the most targeted way of compensating which country deserves compensation. Although the Commission has not done an official impact assessment, research and dialogue with stakeholders have confirmed that