Answer given by Mr Tajani on behalf of the Commission (3 March 2011) The EC‑US High-Level Regulatory Cooperation Forum meets twice a year. It brings together senior officials involved either in practical aspects of regulation or in the development and application of regulatory policy. It aims to discuss cross-cutting issues relating to regulation, with a particular emphasis on mutual learning from best practice and identifying areas where regulators can collaborate to improve regulation and reduce the impact of differences in regulations. In terms of obligations and responsibilities, the Forum does not have a formal charter, but it requires an investment of time and effort by senior officials and will only continue as long as it creates a good return on that investment. The decision by the TEC to ask the Forum to work on specific topics is a pragmatic decision inspired by the success that the Forum has had in delivering results. Since its launch in 2005 the Forum has focused primarily on methodological issues and has only recently turned to regulations applied to particular sectors. The Forum has been following closely a dialogue on risk assessment. This led to the Global Risk Assessment Dialogue, which held its second conference in Brussels in January 2011. Another outcome of the Forum was a joint report on impact assessment, which looked in particular at how international impacts could be examined, and work is now starting on finding practical ways to reduce the impact of differences in regulation through the development and use of voluntary standards. Cooperation in the realm of product safety has led to joint trainings to manufacturers in China, the principal source of imports to both markets, as well as enhanced cooperation in identifying common risks from unsafe products. At the end of 2009, the Forum launched a specific project on cooperation in regulatory initiatives relating to energy efficiency. This project will in the first stage align test methods for specific product groups.