recipients within the European Union. Hence, an authorisation for the exchange of organs shall only be granted when all requirements of the new Directive are met also by the organ donation in the third country . The current wording is ambiguous. Amendment 92 Proposal for a directive Article 23 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall report to the Commission before ………….and every three years thereafter on the activities undertaken in relation to the provisions of this Directive, and on the experience gained in implementing it. 1. Member States shall report to the Commission before.. . * and every three years thereafter on the activities undertaken in relation to the provisions of this Directive, and on the experience gained in implementing it. 2. Before …… . and every three years thereafter, the Commission shall transmit to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions ,a report on the implementation of this Directive. 2. Before... ** and every three years thereafter, the Commission shall transmit to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions ,a report on the implementation of this Directive. * 2 years after the entry into force of this D irective. ** 3 years after the entry into force of this D irective. Amendment 93 Proposal for a directive Article 24 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Member States shall lay down the rules on penalties applicable to infringements of the national provisions adopted pursuant to this Directive and shall take all measures necessary to ensure that the penalties are implemented. The penalties provided for must be effective, proportionate and dissuasive. Member States shall notify those provisions to the Commission by […] and shall notify it without delay of any subsequent amendments affecting them. Member States shall lay down the rules on penalties applicable to infringements of the national provisions adopted pursuant to this Directive and shall take all measures necessary to ensure that the penalties are implemented. The penalties provided for must be effective, proportionate and dissuasive. Member States shall notify those provisions to the Commission by * and shall notify it without delay of any subsequent amendments affecting them. * 2 years after the entry into force of this D irective. Amendment 94 Proposal for a directive Article 25 - paragraph 1 Text proposed by