belts in coaches so equipped has yet to become general throughout the EU, G. whereas Community guidelines covering areas such as railway crossings at major roads, and more generally concerning suitable road conditions and appropriate road design, do not exist, 1. Expresses its firm solidarity with the victims of these accidents and stresses the need to take effective measures as soon as possible in order that such tragic events are avoided in the future; 2. Demands that the Council take full account of Parliament’s position at first reading when adopting its common position on the driving time regulation; 3. Calls on the Council to accept, in the framework of the draft driving time regulation, the demand of Parliament concerning the introduction of a minimum number of roadside checks to be carried out in the Member States (2% of the total number of days worked); 4. Urges the Member States to accelerate the transposition of the provisions of the directive on speed limitation devices (2002/285/CE) into their national legislation, given the importance of such measures for road safety; 5. Calls on the Commission to present a legislative proposal on the obligation for coach passengers to wear seat belts and, more generally, on appropriate coach construction as soon as possible; 6. Calls on the European Commission to present legislative proposals amending Directives 96/36 adapting to technical progress Council Directive 77/541/EEC relating to safety belts and restraint systems of motor vehicles, 96/37 adapting to technical progress Council Directive 74/408/EEC relating to the interior fittings of motor vehicles (strength of seats and of their anchorages), and 96/38 adapting to technical progress Council Directive 76/115/EEC relating to anchorages for motor vehicle safety belts in order to render mandatory the installation of safety belts in new touring coaches; 7. Calls on the European Commission to speed up transposition of Directive 2003/20/EEC of 8 April 2003 amending Council Directive 91/671/EEC on the approximation of laws of the Member States relating to the compulsory use of safety belts in vehicles of less than 3.5 tonnes, by which the mandatory wearing of safety belts in touring coaches thus equipped is introduced for passengers whilst seated; 8. Calls on the Commission to propose additions to driving licence legislation for the qualification of drivers of double-decker buses; 9. Asks the Commission to present proposals to facilitate exchanges in best practice between Member States regarding areas such as railway level crossings at