other things, for the investigation of complaints concerning the respect of this Regulation and for taking the measures necessary to ensure that the rights of passengers are respected. Each Member State shall designate the body responsible for the enforcement of this Regulation and shall make this public. The body shall be responsible for enforcement of the Regulation as regards airports situated on the territory of the Member State and flights from a third country to an airport situated on that territory. It shall be responsible, among other things, for the investigation of complaints concerning the respect of this Regulation and for taking the measures necessary to ensure that the rights of passengers are respected. The competent national authority shall compile an annual summary report of the cases relevant to this Regulation which occurred at airports on their territory, identifying the airlines involved. These reports shall be submitted to the European Commission which will then publish a compiled report covering all Member States. Justification This amendment incorporates the spirit of the European Parliament's adopted position on the 1998 revised Denied Boarding Regulation (A4 0240/1998) which was in turn agreed by the Commission in their amended proposal (Official Journal C351, 18.11.1998) It also responds to Paragraph 17 of EP Resolution A5-0249/2001 on the protection of air passengers which calls for proposals on service quality indicators for the airline industry. Amendment 25 Article 18 A passenger may complain to any body designated by a Member State about a possible infringement of this Regulation at any airport situated on the territory of a Member State [to which the Treaty applies?] or concerning any flight from a third country to an airport situated on that territory. If not responsible, the body shall communicate the complaint to the body responsible for enforcement in the case in question. The body responsible shall investigate the complaint and take any measures necessary to ensure that the rights of the passenger are respected. Without prejudice to Article 12, a passenger may complain to any body designated by a Member State about a possible infringement of this Regulation at any airport situated on the territory of a Member State [to which the Treaty applies?] or concerning any flight from a third country to an airport situated on that territory. If not responsible, the body shall communicate the complaint to the body responsible for enforcement in the case in question. The body