regulation on the European Railway Agency, this body is mandated to develop a reference document with information on all the national rules on the placing in service of rolling stock. It will also play a coordinating role in efforts to streamline the number of national safety rules. Public support, good neighbourhood policy and greater institutional efficiency needed for continued success in EU enlargement The Foreign Affairs Committee reiterates its “firm commitment to all candidate countries and to those which have been given clear membership prospects,” but also notes that "future enlargements will require more stable democratic support from the EU’s population," in a report it tabled to plenary. It also says that more substantive policies are needed to bridge the gap between the Union’s neighbourhood and enlargement policies. China after the earthquake and ahead of the Olympics MEPs, the Commission and Council will debate the situation in China following the earthquake that killed tens of thousands of people in May, and ahead of this summer's Olympic Games in Beijing. There will be a vote on a resolution. Parliament has recently adopted resolutions on both these topics. In the resolution of 22 May on the earthquake, all political groups expressed their sympathy and condolences, and called on the Commission to help alleviate the humanitarian disaster. EU actions in Afghanistan are a "test case for international development assistance" say MEPs International reconstruction work in Afghanistan must be much more closely harmonised among all institutions involved, says the Foreign Affairs Committee in a report. It calls for a much larger political role for the EU in Afghanistan and stresses the need to maintain the distinction between military and civilian actions by all actors. Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails Luisa MORGANTINI (GUE/NGL, IT) and a number of other MEPs will be asking both the Council and Commission questions on Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails. In the last report on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories, the UN Special Rapporteur, John Dugard, states that 'since 1967 over 700,000 Palestinians have been imprisoned. At present, there are some 11,000 prisoners in Israeli jails, a number which includes 376 children, 118 women, 44 members of the Palestinian Legislative Council and some 800 administrative detainees. ECB praised for reaction to financial turmoil, caution advised on rate rises The European Central Bank has done “excellent work” in managing the financial turmoil, enhancing its reputation, says the