Economic Co-operation and Development and the World Bank, is a satellite system of the SNA. It brings together economic and environmental information in a common framework to measure the contribution of the environment to the economy and the impact of the economy on the environment. It provides policy-makers with indicators and descriptive statistics to monitor these interactions as well as a database for strategic planning and policy analysis to identify more sustainable paths of development. (9) The SEEA synthesises and integrates as far as possible the different categories of environmental economic accounts. In general, all these categories broaden the existing SNA concepts of cost, capital formation and stock of capital by supplementing them with additional data in physical terms in order to encompass environmental cost and the use of natural assets in production, or by amending them through the incorporation of these effects in monetary terms. Within this general orientation, the several existing categories differ considerably in terms of methodology and the environmental concerns addressed. (10) The Commission presented its first strategy on ‘green accounting’ in 1994. Since then the Commission (Eurostat) and the Member States have developed and tested accounting methods to the point where several Member States now regularly provide first sets of environmental economic accounts. Most common are physical flow accounts on air emissions (including greenhouse gases) and on material consumption, and monetary accounts on environmental protection expenditure and on environmental taxes. (11) One of the objectives for the period covered by the Community Statistical Programme 2008 to 2012 is to take initiatives to replace agreements with Union legislation in certain areas in which European statistics are regularly produced and have reached sufficient maturity. (12) Regulation (EC) No 223/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2009 on European Statistics OJ L 87, 31.3.2009, p. 164. provides a reference framework for European environmental economic accounts. In particular, it requires European statistics to comply with principles of professional independence, impartiality, objectivity, reliability, statistical confidentiality and cost effectiveness. (13) As the different sets of environmental economic accounts are under development and at different stages of maturity, a modular structure providing adequate flexibility , allowing inter alia for the introduction of additional modules, should be adopted. (14) A programme of pilot studies should be established to improve reporting and data quality, enhance methodologies and prepare for further developments. (14a) The introduction of additional reporting requirements should