with the laws of that Member State. 3. During the exchange the civil and criminal liability of the competent official shall be treated in the same way as that of the officials of the host competent authority. Exchanged competent officials shall observe professional standards and be subject to the appropriate internal rules of conduct of the host competent authority that ensure, in particular, the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data, procedural fairness and the proper observance of the confidentiality and professional secrecy provisions established in Article 13 . 4. The Community measures necessary for the implementation of this Article , including the arrangements for implementing common activities, shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2). Article 17 Administrative cooperation 1. To the extent necessary to achieve the objectives of this Regulation, Member States shall inform each other and the Commission of their activities of Community interest in areas such as : a. consumer information and advice ; b. support of the activities of consumer representatives; c. support of the activities of bodies responsible for the extra-judicial settlement of consumer disputes; d. support of consumers" access to justice; e. gathering of statistics, the results of research or other information relating to consumer behaviour, attitudes and outcomes. Member States may, in co-operation with the Commission, carry out common activities in the areas referred to in the first subparagraph. The Member States shall also, in co-operation with the Commission, develop a common framework for the activities referred to in point (e). 2. The Community measures necessary for the implementation of this Article , including the arrangements for implementing common activities, shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2) . Article 18 International agreements The Community shall cooperate with third countries and with the competent international organisations in the areas covered by this Regulation in order to enhance the protection of consumers" economic interests. The arrangements for cooperation, including the establishment of mutual assistance arrangements, may be the subject of agreements between the Community and the third parties concerned. Chapter V Final provisions Article 19 Committee 1. The Commission shall be assisted by a Committee . 2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Articles 5 and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof. The period referred to in Article 5(6)