said that while everyone agreed on the need for innovation in the Information Technology field, particularly to protect SMEs and enable them to develop, the dispute over amendments risked leaving the backdoor open to the patenting of software. If the common position were to be approved, the gates would flood open for the whole patent system as " ideas would become market objects ", leaving SMEs with no chance to keep up. It was simply too costly for them to defend patents. She said it was important not to bow to pressure from an industry that wants the full patentability of software and called for support for the 21 amendments favouring a free market with open competition: "We need to develop European innovation ". For the GUE/NGL group, Ilda FIGUEIREDO (PT) said the stakes were particularly high in this debate. The Council's common position was unacceptable, as it ignored completely Parliament's amendments. "You cannot patent ideas and knowledge," she said, "We should reject the Council's common position. That is the only way to stop moving down this dangerous path." There would be serious repercussions if the right to write software was concentrated in a few large corporations. Small companies, she said, would need to hire teams of lawyers to check they were not contravening any patents, but they would not have the deep pockets of multinationals. Thomas WISE (UK) spoke for the Independence and Democracy Group. He said computer entrepreneurs were independent spirits and they rejected restricted monoliths like the EU and this directive. But, he said, Mr Rocard's amendments were not trying to block the directive, they accepted the basic principle of harmonisation. "We will vote to reject the directive completely. I have always said that if the EU is the answer it must have been a silly question. Now that is patently obvious!" Brian CROWLEY (IE) for the UEN group paid a personal tribute to the efforts of Mr Rocard, but he said that the debate on this issue seems often to be totally unconnected to the real world. "Innovation is the key to our economies. Ideas need protection. A free-for-all would mean no protection, with US and Japanese companies able to patent European ideas. Patents are not a sword, they are a shield." He said 62 000 jobs in Ireland were based in small computer innovation businesses, and all these SMEs favoured the common position. The non-attached