Answer given by Ms Hedegaard on behalf of the Commission (14 July 2011) The Emissions Trading System (ETS) rewards cogeneration compared to less energy efficient installations using the same fuel. To provide a transition period, the Benchmarking Decision http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CELEX:32011D0278:EN:NOT includes a provision that allocates extra free allowances for high emitting (mainly coal using) district heating for the first three years, as from 2013. Not only the installations covered by the ETS need to reduce emissions. For the period from 2013 on, the Effort-Sharing Decision http://ec.europa.eu/environment/climat/pdf/draft_proposal_effort_sharing.pdf lays down rules on the determination of the contribution that Member States have to make to meet the greenhouse gas emission targets for sources not covered under the ETS. In this context, the significant redistribution of auctioning rights to some Member States, which was part of the climate and energy package, should be recalled. These substantial additional revenues can be used to support investment in more CO 2 efficient and promising new technologies. Moreover, the upcoming revision of the Energy Tax Directive is foreseen to integrate both energy and emission efficiency aspects for sectors outside the scope of the ETS. Furthermore, in their revision of the ETS Directive http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CONSLEG:2003L0087:20090625:EN:PDF , the Parliament and Council decided that the benchmarks are determined for products rather than inputs. Applying fuel specific benchmarks would reward installations that emit more, which would be contrary to the objective of benchmarking and of the ETS Directive. Finally, the Commission's recent proposal for a revised energy taxation framework also provides for the gradual introduction of a CO 2 -tax applicable to pollution from fuels used for individual heating systems. The adoption of this proposal would thus help promote a level playing field with heating from collective heating systems.