Look ahead: MEPs hold 2 days of debates in Brussels Look ahead: MEPs hold 2 days of debates in Brussels Foreign policy and defence, illegal fishing and financial services are just three items being debated this week when MEPs hold debates in Brussels. Also under discussion will be the results of the last EU-US Summit, the deteriorating situation in Georgia and the Union's relations with Mediterranean countries - the so called Barcelona process. All of the debates can be watched live here on the parliament's website - where you can also read all the news from the Chamber. Wednesday 4 June F oreign policy: The session opens at 3pm with a joint debate on foreign policy, security and defence. High Representative for Foreign Affairs Javier Solana will take part in the debate. The Foreign Affairs Committee highlights the increased effectiveness the Lisbon Treaty could give to the EU's foreign policy, while also pointing to the need for increased parliamentary scrutiny and democratic legitimacy in the Common Foreign and Security Policy (CFSP) and the European Security and Defence Policy (ESDP). The Committee's stance is set out in two own initiative reports. EU-US Summit: Parliament will debate the forthcoming EU-US Summit to be held in Slovenia on 9 and 10 June. The summit will centre on the following key areas: Regional and political issues, global security issues, present-day global challenges and bilateral transatlantic partnership. The House will also vote on a resolution on this topic. Illegal fishing: The House then turns its attention to the EU system against illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing. MEPs in the committee propose several amendments concerning the Community list of IUU fishing vessels, the inspections to be carried out and the sanctions and other measures to be imposed by Member States. Financial services: MEPs will then debate competition, retail and financial services. Consumers should have more choice in, and pay less for, banking and financial services. This could be achieved in part by removing the obstacles to cross-border products. One way to do this is to reduce the differences between national regulations. The reports also stress the importance of improving financial literacy among consumers. Forced prostitution: The last point on Wednesday evening is an oral question to the Commission on forced prostitution and human trafficking, especially of women for the purpose of sexual exploitation during the European football championship 2008. Within the framework of events it organised