of recourse to the European Court of Justice in respect of its own prerogatives or breaches of subsidiarity; • reference to representative associations (e.g. of local or regional government); Topical issues for the debate 25. considers that it is vitally important that the EU has the appropriate level of resources to undertake the tasks assigned to it; recalls its support for the European Commission proposals for the financial perspective during 2007-13; 26. considers that now is the appropriate time to start reflecting on the basis for funding the EU budget in the long term, and to reinforce democratic control of the budget through the European Parliament; 27. reminds Member States that cohesion policy is an area where the EU has long demonstrated its real added value, whose visibility enables citizens to appreciate daily the EU’s practical and positive work, and which represents the basis of European solidarity and thus distinguishes the European social model from other examples of transnational integration; 28. reiterates its support for the Partnership for Growth and Jobs (Lisbon Strategy) as a balanced approach between the economic goals, sustainable development and the modernisation and advancement of Europe’s social model; 29. believes that strengthening the EU's competitiveness also requires helping Europe's citizens to develop their talents and creativity beyond national borders; furthermore, believes that the value of a culturally diverse Union will become much more tangible to Europeans when they begin to experience life in a European context; therefore, in order to strengthen competitiveness and to connect citizens with the European project, stresses the need for the EU to continue facilitating free movement of people and to promoting greater mobility within the Union; 30. endorses its support for the EU strategy on sustainable development and stresses in particular that Community actions and funding for improving the environment should have powerful effects at the national, regional and local levels; 31. recalls the unique character of European citizenship, as an element of identity, which does not replace national citizenship; 32. calls for much greater investment and collaboration in education (including life-long learning opportunities for all citizens), research and innovation at European and national level as the best means to create more and better jobs for Europe's citizens and to strengthen Europe's competitiveness in the global economy; 33. is convinced that to better explain Europe and its policies, national, regional and local authorities should implement educational efforts, for example via the