of common principles by a Member State, Rules 74c, 74e and 90 shall apply respectively. For an enhanced cooperation procedure in an area covered by the ordinary legislative procedure, Rule 74g shall apply. 3. Where Parliament's consent is required for a proposed legislative act or an envisaged international agreement, the committee responsible may decide, in the interests of achieving a positive outcome of the procedure, to present an interim report on the proposal to Parliament including a motion for a resolution containing recommendations for modification or implementation of the proposed act. CHAPTER 10 Deleted Rule 82 Deleted CHAPTER 11 OTHER PROCEDURES Rule 83 Procedure for delivering opinions pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union 1. When Parliament is consulted on Council recommendations pursuant to Article 140(2) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, it shall, after the Council has presented those recommendations in plenary, deliberate on the basis of a proposal submitted orally or in writing by its committee responsible and advocating approval or rejection of the recommendations on which Parliament has been consulted. 2. Parliament shall then take a single collective vote on the recommendations, to which no amendments may be tabled. Rule 84 Procedures relating to dialogue between management and labour 1. Any document drawn up by the Commission pursuant to Article 154 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union or agreements reached by management and labour pursuant to Article 155(1) of the Treaty, and any proposals submitted by the Commission under Article 155(2) of the Treaty shall be referred by the President to the committee responsible for consideration. 2. Where management and labour inform the Commission of their wish to initiate the process provided for in Article 155 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the committee responsible may draw up a report on the substantive issue in question. 3. Where management and labour have reached an agreement and have requested jointly that the agreement be implemented by a Council decision on a proposal from the Commission under Article 155(2) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the committee responsible shall table a motion for a resolution recommending the adoption or rejection of the request. Rule 85 Procedures for scrutiny of voluntary agreements 1. Where the Commission informs Parliament of its intention to explore the use of voluntary