the establishment of sound risk analysis, the definition of a suitable control strategy and the preparation of a relevant programme. A risk analysis approach to planning would identify inspection priorities and aid the allocation of resources, making control activities more effective. The Commission took this recommendation on board and has included a number of measures that would provide Member States with the necessary structures, including databases on catches, inspections and other information, procedures for data verification, etc. Certain of these could be shared among the Member States, in order to promote the fluid exchange of information that would help them establish a common basis for their risk analysis. The extent to which information on matters such as infractions under investigation is exchanged merits careful consideration, in order to ensure confidentiality and the right to privacy. In a common policy such as fisheries, though, where vessels are free to fish throughout the waters of the Community, Member States have a clear need for access to relevant information in order to make their control programmes as effective and efficient as possible. The Agency could have a role in structuring and organizing such information analysis and exchange, including the question of how long such information should be available. Costs and Administrative Burden - Many Member States are worried that the proposal would increase the costs of their control programmes and require them to set up complicated new administrative systems. According to data from the Commission, an inspection at sea costs over ten times as much as those on land (€7.552 at sea, €306 on land, €541 in the marketplace). These data point out the necessity of optimal targeting of controls. Inspections at sea must remain a fundamental aspect of the control system, for going to sea is the only way to verify what is happening there. Use of a risk analysis approach, though, as included in the proposal, would allow Member States to reduce their at-sea inspections while making them better targeted and more effective. The proposal includes many modern technologies that allow significant reductions of cost, such as electronic systems that allow rapid and easy cross-verification of data, avoiding the need for manual comparisons. Inspections at Sea - The proposal expands the ability of Member States to conduct inspections in each others' waters. Such mutual inspection procedures already exist in some Regional Fisheries Management Organisations of which the Community is a member.