P5_TA(2000)0121 CITES (Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora) B5-0243 , 0249 , 0260 , 0269 and 0275/2000 European Parliament resolution on the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) The European Parliament, - having regard to the eleventh meeting of the Conference of the Parties to CITES to be held from 10 to 20 April 2000 in Nairobi, Kenya, A. aware of the importance of a world-wide Convention for the regulation of trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora in order to avoid over-exploitation, B. whereas CITES is the largest wildlife conservation agreement in existence with 148 parties to the Convention, which seeks to stop or regulate international trade that would be damaging or ultimately cause the extinction of a species, C. aware that the trade in endangered species is at the heart of the relationship between the conservation of biodiversity and sustainable development in a way that includes the needs of local populations, D. whereas the over-exploitation of wild species, the destruction of habitats, and the illegal trade in wild fauna, animals and animal parts are the main causes of the impoverishment of the Earth's biodiversity, E. whereas it has not yet been possible to achieve for all the species concerned the general objective of the Convention, namely to limit the international trade in specimens of endangered species of wild fauna and flora to level that is not detrimental for their survival, F. whereas the pangolin, a scaly-skinned, termite-eating mammal found in Asia, is threatened by over-exploitation for international trade in its skins, scales and meat which are used in Asian medicinal products, G. noting the critical situation in the Kahuzi-Biega National Park in Eastern Congo, where hundreds of protected gorillas have been slaughtered by poachers who benefit from impunity and the fact that park rangers have been disarmed for security reasons, H. recognising that public awareness in consumer states has been and remains essential to the control of poaching and illegal international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora, I. whereas many African countries have reported that the legal sale of ivory to Japan has caused increased elephant poaching and illegal ivory trade, old ivory trade routes have reopened, the black-market price of ivory has risen, and African countries are unable to cope with increased enforcement costs, J. whereas the hawksbill sea