to address difficulties faced by Member States in adhering to the rates laid down in paragraph 1 as a result of specific national circumstances. Justification For the transitional period until the new basis of measurement, ‘WEEE arising’, becomes applicable, derogations from the collection rate must be permitted. This is, exceptionally, permissible because, on account of specific national circumstances, new Member States in particular may have difficulties in achieving the 4 kg figure. However, delegated acts must be used for this purpose, as the underlying act will be modified by these transitional provisions. Amendment 40 Council position Article 7 – paragraph 5 Council position Amendment 5. In order to ensure uniform conditions for the implementation of this Article, the Commission shall , by means of implementing acts, establish a common methodology for the calculation of the total weight of EEE placed on the national market. Those implementing acts shall be adopted in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 21(2). 5. The Commission shall , not later than 31 December 2012, adopt delegated acts in accordance with to Article 20 concerning the establish ment of a common methodology for determining the quantity of WEEE generated by weight in each Member State. The methodology shall include detailed rules on its application and calculation methods for verifying compliance with the rates set in paragraph 1. Justification The calculation methodology is very relevant to the collection target and thus supplements the underlying act. Delegated acts should therefore be used. Amendment 41 Council position Article 7 – paragraph 6 Council position Amendment 6. On the basis of a report of the Commission accompanied, if appropriate, by a legislative proposal, the European Parliament and the Council shall, by …* , re-examine the collection rate of 45 % and the related deadline referred to in paragraph 1 with a view inter alia to possibly setting individual collection rates for one or more categories set out in Annex III, particularly for temperature exchange equipment and for lamps containing mercury . 6. On the basis of a report of the Commission accompanied, if appropriate, by a legislative proposal, the European Parliament and the Council shall, by 31 December 2012 , re-examine the collection rate and the deadlines referred to in paragraph 1 with a view inter alia to setting individual collection rates for one or more categories set out in Annex III, particularly for photovoltaic panels, temperature