following spoke: Christine De Veyrac , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Matthias Groote , on behalf of the PSE Group, Anne Laperrouze , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Gérard Onesta , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Jacky Henin , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Paul Marie Coûteaux , on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Gunnar Hökmark , Karin Jöns , Gabriele Zimmer , Kader Arif , Inés Ayala Sender , Peter Hintze and Günter Verheugen . The debate closed. 12 Question Time (Council) Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council ( B6-0012/2007 ). Question 1 (Laima Liucija Andrikienė): Further ratification of the EU Constitution H-0174/07 . Gernot Erler (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the question and supplementaries by Laima Liucija Andrikienė , Philip Bushill-Matthews and Danutė Budreikaitė . Question 2 (Claude Moraes): Progress on the Framework Decision on Combating racism and xenophobia H-0077/07 . Gernot Erler answered the question and supplementaries by Emine Bozkurt (deputising for the author), Jörg Leichtfried and Laima Liucija Andrikienė . Question 3 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Age limit for violent electronic games H-0080/07 . Gernot Erler answered the question and supplementaries by Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou and Inger Segelström . Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou , on the translation of the title of her question. Gernot Erler answered a supplementary by Paul Rübig . Question 4 (Sarah Ludford): Combating corruption H-0083/07 . Gernot Erler answered the question and supplementaries by Chris Davies (deputising for the author) and Justas Vincas Paleckis . Question 5 (Glenis Willmott): European Cervical Cancer Manifesto H-0084/07 . Gernot Erler answered the question and a supplementary by Glenis Willmott . Question 6 (Bernd Posselt): Accession negotiations with Croatia H-0086/07 . Gernot Erler answered the question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt , Reinhard Rack and Justas Vincas Paleckis . Question 7 (Sajjad Karim): Zimbabwe H-0089/07 . Question 8 (Eoin Ryan): EU relations with Zimbabwe H-0169/07 . Gernot Erler answered the questions and supplementaries by Fiona Hall (deputising for the author), Brian Crowley (deputising for the author) and Jim Allister. Question 9 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Article 301 of the Turkish Criminal Code H-0090/07 . Gernot Erler answered the question and supplementaries by Kyriacos Triantaphyllides (deputising for the author) and Panagiotis Beglitis . Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive written answers ( see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings ) . Council Question Time closed. (The sitting was suspended at