Herzegovina, F. recognising the important role played by neighbouring countries which function as stabilising factors in the Balkans, G. concerned by the increase in international terrorism, violent extremism, organised crime and drug and arms trafficking in Central Asia with very negative consequences in the Caucasus, H. sharing the OSCE's concerns about finding a peaceful settlement to the Trans-Dniestrian problem as well as other crises, I. underlining the need for the OSCE to work with other organisations and institutions with coordinated approaches in order to avoid duplication, 1. Welcomes the results of the Istanbul Summit and the OSCE's efforts to prevent and resolve conflicts peacefully and underlines its full support for the OSCE, whose drive for peace and democracy cannot be underestimated; 2. Welcomes the fact that all 54 OSCE members have signed the European Security Charter formalising existing norms about security cooperation and observance of human rights and reinforcing OSCE capacity to send civilian help to crises; 3. Points out that the new security charter, intended to prevent wars before they break out, stipulates that conflicts with regional implications can no longer be regarded as the internal affairs of a single country and that the OSCE carries a special responsibility to uphold this principle; 4. Welcomes the invitation to the chairman of the OSCE to visit the North Caucasus region on 14-15 December and urges the Russian government to allow this mission to enter Chechnya itself with a view to alleviating the plight of the refugees and contributing to a political solution to the crisis; 5. Welcomes the revision of the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) Treaty, updating the original 1990 arms control pact, which aims to create more transparency by opening it to new members and urges all CFE parties to ratify the revised Treaty without delay; 6. Underlines the fact that this pact stipulates that a state may not deploy forces in another state without the host country’s consent; 7. Supports strongly the OSCE Mission in Kosovo for its efforts to promote and protect human rights and establish respect for the rule of law and reiterates its appeal to all parties to contribute towards peace and democracy in Kosovo, including the establishment of a legitimate government and full respect for the rule of law, human rights and minority rights; 8. Calls on all parties concerned to make full use of the possibilities offered by the Stability Pact for