; (15) In implementing this Framework Decision , Member States must respect the fundamental rights and observe the principles recognised in particular by the European Convention on Human Rights, in particular Articles 9, 10 and 11 thereof, and by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, and notably Chapters II and VI thereof . Accordingly and having regard to the principle of subsidiarity, Member States must have a wide margin of appreciation in implementing and applying this Framework Decision ; Justification It is important to make it clear that fundamental rights must be respected in implementing the Framework Decision, not only the rights to freedom of expression and freedom of association, but also the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion enshrined in Article 9 of the European Convention. It is essential to strike the right balance between combating the scourge of racism and xenophobia and fundamental rights and freedoms. Subsidiarity is also a significant consideration, particularly since the various Member States face differing problems and will have to implement the Framework Decision in the light of these problems and of their disparate legal and constitutional systems. The terminology of the European Court of Human Rights ("wide margin of appreciation") is used advisedly. Amendment 6 Recital 16 (new) (16) This Framework Directive is without prejudice to the provisions of Directive 2000/31/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2000 on certain legal aspects of information services, in particular electronic commerce, in the Internal Market OJ L 178, 17.7.2000, p. 1. as regards the liability of internet service providers; Justification This point needs making in the preamble. Amendment 7 Article 1 This Framework Decision lays down provisions for approximation of laws and regulations of the Member States and for closer co-operation between judicial and other authorities of the Member States regarding offences involving racism and xenophobia. This Framework Decision lays down provisions for approximation of laws and regulations of the Member States and for closer co-operation between judicial and other authorities of the Member States regarding offences involving racism and xenophobia. It does not preclude the introduction or retention by Member States of legislation affording a higher degree of protection against racism and xenophobia under criminal law. Justification There is no reason why Member States should be precluded from introducing or retaining legislation affording a higher degree of protection. After all, the explanatory memorandum