EUR. 3. In case of a repeated serious infringement within a 5 year period, a Member State shall impose an administrative fine of a minimum of at least 10 000 EUR and a maximum of 600 000 EUR. Justification It is not logical to set a minimum figure for a maximum amount. Amendment 61 Proposal for a regulation Article 82 – paragraph 6 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 6a. Member States shall ensure that operators found liable for a serious infring e ment of the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy are precluded from benefiting from the European Fisheries Fund, Fisheries Partnership Agreements and other public aid. The sanctions provided for in this Chapter shall be accompanied by other sanctions or measures, in particular the repayment of public assistance or subsidies received by IUU vessels during the financing period concerned . Justification According to article 45 paragraph 7 of Regulation 1005/2008 of the European Council where a temporary or permanent banning from benefitting of public or community aid is foreseen as a possible sanction to be applied, making public funding conditional upon compliance will provide an incentive for operators to comply with the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy and will contribute to establishing a level playing field as well as ensuring that public aid is not supporting illegal activities. IUU vessels should not receive taxpayers' money and vessels that received taxpayers' money during the operational programme period should repay that money. Amendment 6 2 Proposal for a regulation Article 84 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall apply a penalty point system on the basis of which the holder of a fishing authorisation receives appropriate penalty points as a result of an infringement against the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy. 1. Member States shall apply a penalty point system on the basis of which the holder of a fishing authorisation receives appropriate penalty points as a result of a serious infringement against the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy. Justification The penalty points should only apply to those infringements that have been agreed, at Council level, to be serious ones. Amendment 6 3 Proposal for a regulation Article 84 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. When a natural person has committed or a legal person is held liable for an infringement of the rules of