and tools agreed by Parliament and the Council should be implemented consistently in order to achieve the Lisbon Strategy objectives and to strengthen the knowledge triangle, G. whereas Europe needs higher skill levels, and whereas creativity and innovation ought to be promoted at all stages of education and training, H. whereas provision has to be made for future skills needs in the areas of the environment and society, for example by making climate change and other environmental issues cross-cutting subjects in all forms of learning, I. whereas curricula should contribute to students' personal development by including the teaching of human rights and European values, J. whereas the quality and effectiveness of education and training systems, and their accessibility to citizens, must be seen as major policy goals at European level, K. whereas education and training must always have regard to local and regional possibilities, characteristics and needs, 1. Welcomes the above-mentioned Commission Communication of 12 November 2007 and the improvements which it details; 2. Notes that action in the field of education and training should be consistently supported with complementary measures of a socio-economic nature to improve the overall standard of living of European citizens; 3. Stresses the need to integrate migrants and minorities (especially Roma people), and to work on the inclusion of groups with special needs (primarily women and disabled and elderly people) at all levels and in all areas of education; considers that additional support should be provided to migrants, while ethnic minorities and Roma people should be assisted by trained staff who belong to the same minority or at least speak their native language; 4. Underlines the importance of sport in education and training and the need to give sport particular consideration, for example by enhancing the provision of physical education and sport throughout all forms of education, from pre-primary to university, and calls for at least three teaching periods per week to be set aside for sport in the curriculum and for support to be made available for schools to go beyond this prescribed minimum where possible; 5. Emphasises the crucial role of families and the social environment in every aspect of education and training; 6. Notes that education is essential for the social and personal development of both women and men; underlines, therefore, the importance of reinforcing education and training as a fundamental aspect of promoting equality between women and men; 7. Deplores the