WRITTEN QUESTION E-3037/07 by Bart Staes (Verts/ALE) , Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg (Verts/ALE) , David Hammerstein (Verts/ALE) , Paulo Casaca (PSE) , Karin Scheele (PSE) , John Bowis (PPE‑DE) and Neil Parish (PPE‑DE) to the Commission (19 June 2007) Subject: Castration of piglets An alternative to the castration of piglets without anaesthetic with a view to preventing the suffering of these animals could be a technique named ‘immunocastration’. Only a vaccination is required. The EFSA-report ‘Welfare aspects of the castration of piglets’ ( EFSA Journal (2004) 91, 1-18, page 31 & page 59) evaluates this technique. Even though the EFSA-reports mentions a number of questions about the use of this technique on a large scale, this way of castrating pigs is allowed in New Zealand and Australia and the method is used to castrate piglets. In Switzerland this product has also been recognised since February 2007. 1. What is the Commission’s opinion on the large-scale use of such a vaccine in Australia and New Zealand? Is it permissible to import pork that originates from pigs that have been immunocastrated? 2. Pfizer already submitted to the EU a request for recognition to make it possible for farmers to use a product for immunocastration of piglets. Could the Commission give some explanation on the stage this procedure has reached so far? 3. Is the Commission willing — in expectation of the recognition of immunocastration and with a view to reducing the suffering of piglets — to require the castration of piglets, whatever their age may be, to be carried out only with a(n) (local) anaesthetic? If not, why not (given that the Commission recognises that animals are ‘sentient beings’)? 4. Is the Commission willing to draw up a proposal to change Directive 64/433/EEC OJ 121, 29.7.1964 , p. 2012. , Article 6(1)(b) in order to authorise to market boars — with a weight of more than 80 kilo and that have been immunocastrated — without the special mark now used for the meat of pigs that have not been castrated? If not, why not?