may restrict self-handling to port users whose vessels fly the flag of a Member State. Amendment 34 Article 11, paragraph 2 2. Self-handling may be subject to an authorisation for which the criteria must not be stricter than those applying to providers of the same or a comparable port service. 2. Self-handling may be subject to an authorisation for which the criteria must be the same as those applying to providers of the same or a comparable port service. Amendment 35 Article 14 The provisions of this Directive in no way affect the rights and obligations of Member States in respect of law and order, safety and security at ports as well as environmental protection. The provisions of this Directive in no way affect the rights and obligations of Member States and of competent authorities appointed by them in respect of law and order, safety and security at ports as well as environmental protection. Amendment 36 Article 15 Without prejudice to the application of this Directive, and subject to the other provisions of Community law, Member States shall take the necessary measures to ensure the application of their social legislation. Without prejudice to the application of this Directive, and subject to the other provisions of Community law, Member States shall take the necessary measures to ensure the application of their social legislation. Given the particular need for safety and for adequate professional standards in relation to the activities covered by this Directive, Member States shall, in implementing the Directive, and in accordance with the other provisions of Community law, take the necessary measures to ensure the application of standards of social protection that are adequate, and in any event at least as high as those laid down by the applicable Directives in the field of social policy. Amendment 51 Annex, point 1 (a) (a) Pilotage Deleted Amendment 37 Annex, point (2), point (c a) (new) (ca) Loading and unloading. European Parliament legislative resolution on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive on market access to port services ( COM(2001) 35 - C5-0078/2001 - 2001/0047(COD) ) (Codecision procedure: first reading) The European Parliament, - having regard to the Commission proposal to the European Parliament and the Council ( COM(2001) 35 OJ C 154 E, 29.5.2001, p. 290. ), - having regard to Articles 251(2) and 80(2) of the EC Treaty, pursuant to which the Commission submitted the proposal to