and/or specific fishing activities during a specified period, in a given area or for a given fishery under specific conditions; Amendment 13 Proposal for a regulation Article 4 – point 17 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (17) "Processing" means the process by which the presentation was prepared. It includes cleaning, filleting, icing, packing, canning, freezing, smoking, salting, cooking, pickling, drying or preparing fish for market in any other manner; (17) "Processing" means the process by which the presentation was prepared. It includes filleting, packing, canning, freezing, smoking, salting, cooking, pickling, drying or preparing fish for market in any other manner; Justification Including cleaning and icing as part of the processing process is excessive and may have consequences when it comes to defining eco-labelling for processed products, for example. Icing merely ensures that fish can be conserved on board and then sold as a fresh rather than a frozen product. Cleaning fish immediately is virtually indispensable in order to prevent the proliferation of parasites which could make the fish unsaleable. Amendment 14 Proposal for a regulation Article 5 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall control the activities carried out by any natural or legal person within the scope of the Common Fisheries Policy on their territory and within waters subject to their sovereignty or jurisdiction, in particular fishing, transhipments, transfer of fish to cages or aquaculture installations including fattening installations, landing, import, transport, marketing and storage of fishery products. 1. Member States shall control the activities carried out by any natural or legal person within the scope of the Common Fisheries Policy on their territory and within waters subject to their sovereignty or jurisdiction, in particular fishing, aquaculture activities, transhipments, transfer of fish to cages or aquaculture installations including fattening installations, landing, import, transport, marketing and storage of fishery products. Justification Aquaculture activities are part of the scope of this proposed regulation. Amendment 15 Proposal for a regulation Article 5 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. Each Member State shall ensure that control, inspection, monitoring, surveillance and enforcement is carried out on a non-discriminatory basis as regards the sectors, vessels or persons chosen for inspection , and on the basis of risk management. 4. Each Member State shall ensure that control, inspection, monitoring, surveillance and enforcement is carried out on a non-discriminatory basis as regards sectors, vessels or persons,