same basis as similar documents obtained in their own country. 3. Information communicated in any form to persons working for competent authorities, courts, other public authorities and the Commission, including information notified to the Commission and stored on the database referred to in Article 10 , the disclosure of which would undermine: - the protection of the privacy and the integrity of the individual, in particular in accordance with Community legislation regarding the protection of personal data; - the commercial interests of a natural or legal person, including intellectual property; - court proceedings and legal advice; or - the purpose of inspections or investigations, shall be confidential and be covered by the obligation of professional secrecy, unless its disclosure is necessary to bring about the cessation or prohibition of an intra-Community infringement and the authority communicating the information consents to its disclosure . 4. Member States shall for the purpose of applying this Regulation adopt the legislative measures necessary to restrict the rights and obligations under Articles 10, 11 and 12 of Directive 95/46/EC as necessary to safeguard the interests referred to in Article 13(1)(d) and (f) of that Directive . The Commission may restrict the rights and obligations under Articles 4(1), 11, 12(1), 13 to 17 and 37(1) of Regulation (EC) No 45/2001 where such restriction constitutes a necessary measure to safeguard the interests referred to in Article 20(1)(a) and (e) of that Regulation. 5. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2). Article 14 Information exchange with third countries 1. When a competent authority receives information from an authority of a third country, it shall supply the information to the relevant competent authorities of other Member States, in so far as it is permitted so to do by bilateral assistance agreements with the third country and in accordance with Community legislation regarding the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data . 2. Information communicated under this Regulation may also be supplied to an authority of a third country by a competent authority under an assistance agreement with the third country, provided the consent of the competent authority that originally supplied the information has been obtained and in accordance with Community legislation regarding the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data. Article 15 Conditions 1. Member States