a legitimate response to unforeseen disasters, such as that caused by the tsunami, and prolonged crises, such as the situation in Iraq, should not be to the detriment of the Community's assistance to other equally strategically important regions; 5. Takes the view that the ceiling of heading 4 (External policies) is wholly inadequate to cover such new challenges; requests therefore either a revision of the Financial Perspective or, alternatively, greater recourse to the flexibility instrument than suggested by the Commission in order to cover new operations without undermining existing ones; 6. Reminds the Council that no policy area, including the CFSP budget, enjoys a privileged status; The CFSP 7. Calls on the Commission to improve the quality of information provided on CFSP expenditure, particularly with regard to actions financed under each item, their implementation rates, transfers of appropriations between budget items and the reasons for such transfers, and auditing of the EU actions; 8. Reminds the Council that Parliament expects to be consulted before the Council adopts joint actions with considerable budgetary impact; voices concern about the rapid growth in the number of EU Special Representatives (EUSR) which has resulted in a steep increase in EUSR-related expenditure since 2004; 9. Recalls that EUSRs (and the joint actions they are called upon to implement) often touch upon areas which also fall under Community competence (e.g. the rule of law and democracy, anti-personnel mines); invites the Council to consider carefully whether the same new tasks could not be accomplished by the Commission delegations before deciding in favour of the creation of a EUSR; is of the opinion that the Council should adopt clear guidelines, based on objective and verifiable criteria, for assessing the need to create EUSR posts; 10. Decides, pending the provision by the Council to its competent committee of an overall assessment of the role and tasks of the EUSRs, to cut the relevant budget item by EUR 1.5 million, an amount corresponding to the additional cost of the two new EUSRs planned for 2006; The broader Middle East 11. Recalls Parliament's recommendation to the Council of 24 September 2003 on the situation in Iraq OJ C 77 E, 26.3.2004, p. 226. and its resolution of 6 July 2005 on "The European Union and Iraq – A Framework for Engagement" Texts Adopted, P6_TA(2005)0228 . which request that EC funds for reconstruction in Iraq be managed by the UN; criticises the