of violence, and for the provision of support for victims of violence, in particular to ensure that they are never again exposed to violence; c) promoting activities to tackle this problem at both international and national level. 5. Training and design of educational packages Objective: to develop educational packages on the prevention of violence. To design and test educational packages on the prevention of violence against children, young people and women, as well as on conflict management, for use in schools , adult educational institutions, associations, undertakings, public institutions and NGOs. 6. development and implementation of treatment programmes Objective: to develop and implement treatments for aggressors, on the one side, and for victims and potential victims on the other, with the aim of preventing violence. To detect the possible causes, circumstances and mechanisms of the emergence and growth of violence including the nature and motivation of perpetrators of violence and exploiters of commercial violence such as sexual exploitation. To develop, test and implement treatments based on the above findings. 7. Awareness-raising activities targeted to specific audiences Objective: to raise awareness and the level of understanding of violence and the prevention of violence against children, young people and women with the aim of promoting zero tolerance of violence, the provision of support to victims and groups at risk, and the reporting of incidences of violence. The following types of actions, amongst others, are eligible for support: a) development and implementation of information and awareness-raising activities aimed at children, young people and women, in particular on the potential risks of violence and ways of avoiding them ; other publics to be targeted could also include specific professions such as teachers, educators, medical doctors, social workers, lawyers, police authorities, the media , etc; b) development of Community-wide information sources to assist and inform NGOs and public bodies about publicly available information relevant to the field of violence, the means of preventing it and the rehabilitation of victims, compiled by governmental, non-governmental, academic and other sources; this should enable information to be integrated into all the relevant information systems; c) encouragement of the introduction of measures to increase reporting to the authorities of violence against women, children and young people and different forms of trade in women and children for sexual exploitation; d) promotion of publicity campaigns, using the mass media, focusing on the condemnation of violence and the provision of support for victims