Answer given by Ms Kroes on behalf of the Commission (20 May 2011) The question raised by the Honourable Members refers to the conditions on which quotas may be imposed on radio stations by national legislation in order to promote musical works. The Commission would like to remind the Honourable Members that national provisions entailing discriminations based on nationality, are expressly prohibited by Article 18 TFEU. They also infringe the TFEU provisions governing the fundamental freedoms, such as Article 49 on the freedom of establishment and Article 56 on free movement of services. Pursuant to Article 52 TFEU, special treatment for foreign nationals is only permitted in the cases expressly mentioned in this provision, i.e. on grounds of public policy, public security or public health, three concepts which are not applicable in the context of quotas for the promotion of music on radio stations. These rules apply no matter whether the quotas are imposed on commercial or state-owned radio stations. A quota system not based on a nationality criterion, but with a cultural motivation such as the defence of the official language(s) of a Member State, would be considered to restrict fundamental freedoms enshrined in Articles 49 and 56 TFEU. However according to the case law of the Court of Justice of the European Union, such a restriction may be justified provided that it pursues a general interest objective, is appropriate for reaching such an objective and does not go beyond what is necessary to achieve it See Case C‑222/07 — UTECA — Judgment of 5.3.2009. . The Court had already acknowledged that the preservation and promotion of an official language of a Member State constitutes a general interest objective See Case C‑379/87 — Groener — Judgment of 28.11.1989. . As far as the French quota system is concerned, it does not refer to nationality but to the original language of the songs to be promoted The French law states that 40 % of music airtime shall be devoted to French-language songs and that new talent or new productions should account for half at least of this percentage. .