and consumers. Greece transposed the EU regulatory framework with its national Law 3431/2006 on electronic communications, and its Law 3471/2006 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector. Making persistent and unwanted commercial solicitations by SMS (for example, in order to invite customers to download various multimedia services) is considered an aggressive practice banned in all circumstances under Directive 2005/29/EC on Unfair Commercial Practices (Annex I, point 26). The directive also prohibits the sale of unsolicited services: traders are not allowed to demand immediate or deferred payment for products or services they supplied but which were not solicited by the consumer (Annex I point 29). The said Directive has been transposed in Greece in the Law amending and completing the Law No 2251/1994 on consumer protection Text of the law available on: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/rights/index_en.htm . Enforcement of the national measures transposing these directives lies however with the competent national authorities. In fact, regarding the specific cases referred to by the Honourable Member, the Hellenic Consumer's Ombudsman, in close collaboration with the Hellenic Telecommunications and Post Commission (EETT) and the Cyber Crime Unit of the Hellenic Police, referred these cases to the Athens Public Prosecutor's Office. In 2009, the Consumer Ombudsman also issued a recommendation towards suppliers of multimedia services outlining their obligations on tariff and content of services' transparency, and a recommendation towards telecommunication networks operators asking them to abstain from billing consumers for multimedia services that have been offered to them without their prior consent. During the same year, the Greek national regulatory authority EETT introduced amendments to the Code of Good Practice for the provision of value added services relating to thorough charging information to end-users before they take out a subscription. EETT currently continues its investigation on the matter by examining the possibility of any liability for mobile operators in such instances. In reply to the Honourable Member's second question, the Commission is aware of similar cases occurring in other EU Member States, namely Italy and the UK, where fraudulent unsolicited messages, by means of email, SMS, automatic voice calls and other means, seem to have caused significant financial damage to consumers. As regards the billing issues raised by the Honourable Member in his third question, according to Article 34 of the Universal Service Directive, consumers have to have the possibility to use transparent, simple, and inexpensive out-of-court dispute resolution