Paris Declaration have contributed, so far, to deliver more and better aid. Therefore, the aim of this report is to establish a common position of the European Parliament on the run up for the Accra HLF which could be of valuable use in the aid effectiveness debate among the European development actors. Principles such as the need to respect and promote local ownership, to align with partner-driven priorities, to make use of local systems, to harmonize donor efforts, to focus on results and to hold partners mutually accountable, are clearly relevant to a wide range of development actors and activities, including the EU, who has made major efforts over the last three years to promote scaling up of country-level poverty reduction efforts; more harmonized aid efforts aligned around country priorities; strengthening the institutional apparatus of partner governments, and better coordination of the resources and the efforts delivered by the Commission and the Members States through labour division. Notwithstanding all the progress made so far, the picture is far from idyllic. A large number of recent reports confirm that there are still obstacles lying ahead: 1. The cost of uncoordinated aid is very high. There are too many actors with competing objectives, especially in the poorest and most aid-dependent countries, leading to high transaction costs. 2. There is still slow progress in untying of aid and technical co-operation is still too much donor-driven. 3. Good headquarters policies are not always matched by in-country practices. 4. There is a need to strengthen country ownership. Mainly a partner responsibility, donors can assist by capacity development and alignment on country programmes and systems. 5. A lot of work needs to be done in managing for results. Mutual accountability, a key concept in the Paris Agenda, calls for performance assessment frameworks and improved incentive systems in both partner and donor countries. As the world’s leading aid donor, the EU has a key role to play as the central pillar of the international aid architecture. It must ensure that its own aid is spent effectively, and show leadership in the international arena by promoting much-needed reforms to aid practices, so that aid can play an effective role in the fight against global poverty. Also in that sense, it can promote policy dialogue with emerging donors such as China or India and private aid philanthropists to become part of the aid effectiveness debate. The EU has made