D. whereas, over the years, the common trade policy has undergone important changes which have required - and continue to require - continual adjustments to the import and export rules and procedures, E. whereas the common trade policy can only function by basing itself on efficient rules and procedures with regard to the import and export of goods, F. whereas simplifying and updating the import and export rules and procedures in the European Union and at international level are of strategic importance for competitiveness and trade, G. whereas the specific problems encountered by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with regard to mastering customs rules and procedures often impede such firms' access to international trade and prevent them from taking full advantage of all the opportunities offered by globalisation, H. whereas correct assessment of the tariff classification, origin and value of imported goods is essential for the proper application of the common customs tariff, tariff preferences, anti-dumping and anti-subsidy measures and a whole range of other trade policy instruments, I. whereas excessively burdensome or lengthy customs rules and procedures are obstacles to the international trade in goods and are regarded by economic operators, in particular by SMEs, to be amongst the key non-tariff barriers to trade, J. whereas the role of customs is now moving away from the simple collection of customs duties, an important task which, however, has been considerably scaled down over the last 20 years, towards the application of non-tariff measures, especially in respect of security and safety, combating counterfeiting, money laundering and drugs, and towards the application of measures concerning health, the environment and consumer protection, not to mention the collection of VAT and import/excise duties and exemption from export/excise duties, as well as, of course, compliance with the Union’s trade policies, K. having regard to the efforts made since August 2004 in the context of the WTO and the Doha Round to negotiate a binding multilateral agreement on trade facilitation, and taking note of the difficulties faced by many developing countries in financing the border measures proposed in those negotiations, L. whereas developing countries experience particular difficulties in setting up effective customs systems, especially with regard to infrastructure, equipment and staff training and integrity, M. whereas the essential objective of facilitating trade must be reconciled with the equally important objective of effective controls, N. whereas concerns relating to the security of persons and goods are playing