Answer given by Ms Malmström on behalf of the Commission (18 November 2010) The Commission does not dispose of comparative figures or estimates for the annual turnover of illegal trade conducted by street hawkers in the Member States of the EU. Nevertheless, customs services play an important role at the EU external border. They control products imported from third countries with a view to collecting customs duties, value added tax and excise duties while protecting the interests of the European Union and its citizens in many different ways. Customs authorities are in fact involved in the implementation and enforcement of EU legislation relating to external trade, but also as regards security, environmental, anti-dumping, consumer protection, cultural and agricultural controls. As to the specific instruments available to fight against the entry of illegal goods into the EU including counterfeiting and piracy, Council Regulation (EC) No 1383/2003 Council Regulation (EC) No 1383/2003 of 22 July 2003 concerning customs action against goods suspected of infringing certain intellectual property rights and the measures to be taken against goods found to have infringed such rights, OJ L 196, 2.8.2003. and its implementing provisions provides for border enforcement of a broad range of intellectual property rights. When such goods enter the EU, the customs authorities may suspend their release or detain them for a given period and contact the right holder. Customs authorities can also take action on their own initiative to detain or suspend the release of goods that they suspect of infringing an intellectual property right. Statistics on action taken under the abovementioned Regulation are the subject of the annual Report on EU Customs Enforcement of intellectual property rights published by the Commission. Data provided include description and quantities of the goods, their provenance, the means of transport and the type of infringed intellectual property right. Those statistics support the analysis of such infringements in the EU and the development of appropriate counter-measures by customs authorities. The latest report was published on 22 July 2010 and presents the results at the EU border for 2009.