having already opened their markets can refuse authorisation to operators still protected by a national monopoly. A universal service is still guaranteed: letters should go on being both delivered and collected at least once a day, at least five days a week, for every EU citizen, in remote areas as well as cities. Member States will be able to include employment and social considerations when opening up the postal market. Directive adopted by EP: 31/01/2008 Transposition: 31/12/2010 (or 31/12/2012: MS concerned are Czech Republic, Greece, Cyprus, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Hungary, Malta, Poland, Romania, and Slovakia) EP rejects proposals on port services and software patents The EP used its power to reject proposals when MEPs considered that "no directive is better than a bad directive". That was for a proposed directive opening up port services to competition. Members were against the proposed rules on self-handling and pilot services, arguing that they would endanger jobs and security and lead to unfair competition. MEPs demanded in its place legislation on fair competition between ports. MEPs also voted against legislation on the patentability of computer-implemented inventions, which some believed would have led to software being patented. EP vote on Port services: 17/01/2006, rejected by 532 votes to 120 with 25 abstentions EP vote on Software patents: 6/07/2005, rejected by 648 votes to 14 with 1 abstentions Independence of auditors MEPs also adopted new rules intended to help improve quality audits within the EU and underpin confidence in the functioning of EU capital markets. European auditors and audit firms are required to prove their independence from the management of the audited company. Directive adopted by EP: 28/09/2005 Transposition: 29/06/2008 Calls for legislation in financial services MEPs have also taken a broader view of what is needed in the future and have formally requested the Commission to make proposals on a wide range of subjects, some in light of the financial crisis. Parliament was behind calls for regulation of credit rating agencies to address potential conflicts of interest. Also, it requested changes to ensure that a system of capital requirements applies to all financial institutions regardless of their precise legal form – this would include hedge funds and private equity vehicles − and to ensure the supervision of cross-border financial institutions is put on a firmer footing. Looking ahead Telecom package Proposed reforms of existing legislation on electronic communications (such as mobile and fixed telephony, broadcasting,