Answer given by Ms Hübner on behalf of the Commission (13 November 2007) The Commission has taken note of the proposal of the Parliament to designate the year 2010 as the European Year for the islands. The Commission is already involved in two important policy documents and processes which might have an impact on any decision related to the designation of the European Year for islands: The Fourth Report on Economic and Social Cohesion COM(2007)273 final. , adopted by the Commission on 30 May 2007, and the Green Paper on Territorial Cohesion — to be adopted by the end of 2008. It is more appropriate to decide on future themes of ‘European Years’ in the light of the results of the respective consultation processes of these significant documents. These consultations are supposed to deliver answers to the important questions raised in the abovementioned reports. In the Fourth Cohesion Report, among other questions, the Commission asks ‘How can cohesion policy better promote harmonious, balanced and sustainable development taking into account the diversity of EU territories, such as least favoured areas, islands, rural and coastal areas but also cities, declining industrial regions, other areas with particular geographic characteristics?’. The Commission is looking forward to receiving many responses to this important question. The Green Paper will seek to provide an overall and coherent view of territorial challenges, including those specific to mountains, islands and other areas facing geographical difficulties. In that context, the Commission intends to look at how different sector policies such as transport address the issue of territorial cohesion. The Commission also intends to survey how territorial cohesion is defined and incorporated generally in the regional policy and more specifically in the 2007‑13 programming documents of the Member States. A comprehensive approach is needed in order to offer a sound basis for Community policies, and cohesion policy in particular, and to provide the appropriate answers to the need for harmonious and balanced development of the Union. This common vision is essential for avoiding the fragmentation of European policies while taking into account the specificities of the concerned areas. Islands will have an important place in this work.