and terminal managing bodies shall, within their respective areas of competence, at terminals designated by Member States, provide assistance free of charge to disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility, at least to the extent specified in part (a) of Annex I. Justification Obligations to provide assistance according to the Annex of the Regulation should not be made subject to access conditions, which are defined by carriers and terminal managing bodies themselves. Amendment 31 Council position – amending act Article 13 - paragraph 2 Council position Amendment 2. Subject to the access conditions provided for in Article 11(1 ), carriers shall, on board buses and coaches, provide assistance free of charge to disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility as specified in part (b) of Annex I. 2. Carriers shall, on board buses and coaches, provide assistance free of charge to disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility at least to the extent specified in part (b) of Annex I. Justification Obligations to provide assistance according to the Annex of the Regulation should not be made subject to access conditions, which are defined by carriers and terminal managing bodies themselves. Amendment 32 Council position – amending act Article 14 - paragraph 1 - point a Council position Amendment (a) the person's need for such assistance is notified to carriers, terminal managing bodies, travel agents or tour operators at the latest two working days before the assistance is needed; and (a) the person's need for such assistance is notified to carriers, terminal managing bodies, travel agents or tour operators at the latest 24 hours before the assistance is needed; and Justification The amendment restores the EP position at first reading . Amendment 33 Council position – amending act Article 14 - paragraph 1 - point b - point i Council position Amendment i) at the time stipulated in advance by the carrier which shall be no more than 60 minutes before the published departure time; or i) at the time stipulated in advance by the carrier which shall be no more than 60 minutes before the published departure time unless a shorter period is agreed between the carrier and the passenger ; or Justification The amendment restores the EP position at first reading. Amendment 34 Council position – amending act Article 17 - paragraph 1 Council position Amendment 1. Carriers and terminal managing bodies shall be liable where they have caused