WRITTEN QUESTION E-1942/04 by Raül Romeva Rueda (Verts/ALE) to the Commission (9 September 2004) Subject: Whales around the Canary Isles In July, four beaked whales were stranded following the ‘Majestic Eagle 2004’ military manoeuvres that took place 200 miles off the coast of the Canary Isles. Whales have been stranded in 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991 and 2002, in most cases coinciding with naval manoeuvres in which active anti-submarine sonar systems were used. This link with the use of active anti-submarine sonar is supported by numerous scientific studies. In 1997, the US Congress Marine Mammal Commission presented a report stating that some of the effects of sonar included ‘death from lung haemorrhage or other tissue trauma, hearing loss or impairment’ and ‘disruption of feeding, breeding, nursing, acoustic communication and sensing, or other vital behaviour’. One of the most internationally renowned reports is the one presented by researchers from the University of Las Palmas in Gran Canaria in collaboration with another research team from the Institute of Zoology in London, following the large-scale stranding on the coast of Fuerteventura of 14 whales from three different species (Cuvier's beaked whale, Blainville's beaked whale and Gervais' beaked whale), 11 of which died, after the ‘Neo Tapon 2002’ naval manoeuvres organised by the Spanish Navy. This study concluded that the whales ‘had suffered injuries similar to a powerful decompression process, like that experienced by some divers, which causes the air to expand suddenly, compressing the body, introducing air bubbles into the bloodstream and producing an embolism.’ The autopsies of three of the four whales stranded after the Majestic Eagle 2004 naval manoeuvres 200 miles off the coast of the Canaries showed injuries consistent with those suffered by the beaked whales stranded in 2002. Bearing in mind that whales are protected under Directive 92/43/EEC OJ L 206, 22.7.1992, p. 7 . on habitats (Annex IV) and that there has been a breach of Article 12(a) and (b) (deliberate disturbance), can the Commission call on the Spanish Government to explain what precautionary measures it took? Can the Commission call for a moratorium on the use of mid- and low-frequency active anti-submarine sonar systems until scientific reports have been drawn up regarding their effects on marine ecosystems?