and to further develop the dialogue with the public at appropriate level, in particular via the media. International Currently, the US is the acknowledged leader in nanotechnologies R&D at global level, with annual public and private investment of US $ 3 billion, accounting for more than one third of world spending. The US also comes first in the number of business start-ups, publications and patents. Over the five years between the end of 2000 and the present, the federal government of the US has invested more than $ 4 billion in nanotechnologies and for 2006 the yearly figure will go up to more than $ 1 billion. Annual spending in Japan in 2003 stood at about € 630 million, with 73% provided by the Ministry of Education and 21% by the Ministry for the Economy, Trade and Industry. Research is focused primarily on nanomaterials, for example applications of nanocarbon materials in the field of energy, environment, IT, and biomedical. In terms of nanotechnologies venture capital, Mitsui has decided to invest almost € 700 million over the next four years, while the Critical Technology Fund will channel some € 30 billion to nanosciences and nanotechnologies research. The rapid development of China's nanotechnology industry in the past 5 to 10 years is due in large part to the intervention of the central government. Added to a list of priority technologies at the end of the 1990s, nanotechnology has enjoyed state funding since then through a national R&D plan, providing significant investments for nanotechnology projects from both the central and local governments, mainly in the field of nanomaterials. On-going projects include mass production of nano-diamond coating materials, carbon nanotubes and nanowires, sensor network systems for security monitoring, nanomaterials for energy-saving, self-cleaning, chemical and bio sensor systems and network for environment monitoring and disease diagnosis. According to the Chinese authorities Beijing Report 2005 on Nanotech Development to 2010-2015. , the country is one of the world's leaders in terms of new nanotechnology business registrations, publications and patents, with an internal market for nanotechnology products and systems estimated at more than € 4.5 billion, and set to grow to more than € 120 billion by 2015. However, the industry is still in an early stage, with considerable challenges in the field of research commercialization, infrastructure and human resources. 30.5.2006 OPINION of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety for the Committee on