withdraw the proposal. If the Commission does so, the President shall hold the procedure to be superfluous and shall inform the Council accordingly. If the Commission does not withdraw its proposal, Parliament shall refer the matter back to the committee responsible for the subject-matter, which shall consider it in accordance with the normal procedure. Rule 87a Delegated acts Where a legislative act delegates to the Commission the power to supplement or amend certain non-essential elements of a legislative act, the committee responsible: - shall examine any draft delegated act where it is transmitted to Parliament for scrutiny; - may submit to Parliament in a motion for a resolution any appropriate proposal in accordance with the provisions of the legislative act. The provisions of Rule 88(1), (2) and (3) shall apply mutatis mutandis . Rule 88 Implementing measures 1. When the Commission forwards a draft of implementing measures to Parliament, the President shall refer the draft of measures to the committee responsible for the act from which the implementing measures derive. If the procedure with associated committees was applied with regard to the basic act, the committee responsible shall invite each of the associated committees to state its views orally or by letter. 2. The Chair of the committee responsible shall set a deadline for Members to propose that the committee object to the draft of measures. If the committee considers it to be appropriate, it may decide to appoint a rapporteur from among its members or permanent substitutes. If the committee objects to the draft of measures, it shall table a motion for a resolution opposing the adoption of the draft of measures which may also indicate the changes that should be made to the draft of measures. If, within the applicable deadline calculated from the date of receipt of the draft of measures, Parliament adopts such a resolution the President shall ask the Commission to withdraw or amend the draft of measures or submit a proposal under the appropriate legislative procedure. 3. If there is no part-session before the deadline expires, the right of response shall be deemed to have been delegated to the committee responsible. This response shall take the form of a letter from the committee chair to the Member of the Commission responsible, and shall be brought to the attention of all Members of Parliament. 4. If the implementing measures envisaged by the Commission fall under