citizen. Such a situation can be achieved in our society in the long term through education and changing attitudes, particularly in some sectors of the media. Racism and xenophobia thrive among the weak and worst-educated strata of society, who are easy prey for unscrupulous fringe parties, particularly at times of economic hardship and in areas in which traditional industries have died out and jobs are hard to find. It is also by ensuring proper provision for the vulnerable and through job creation that we should be looking to stamp out this insidious menace. What this opinion seeks to achieve is effective criminal legislation, which results neither in putting the threshold for prosecution so high that no prosecutions ensue nor in setting it so low that it jeopardises the freedoms of expression and association. Accordingly, it concentrates on the legal issues raised by the proposed framework decision. These include: ∙ Freedom of expression and information within the meaning of the European Convention on Human Rights and the Charter of Fundamental Rights. It is noted in this connection that some Member States have entered reservations in this connection with respect to Article 4 of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination. ∙ The definitions (in particular the inclusion of the reference to religion in Article 3 may create difficulties). ∙ Jurisdiction and the Internet. ∙ The question of mens rea and of the threshold for triggering the various offences. Should it be possible to infer intention from the surrounding circumstances or should, as in the proposal, the test be intention simpliciter ? If the threshold is set too high, there will be few successful prosecutions, if too low, too many frivolous prosecutions. AMENDMENTS The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market calls on the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following amendments in its report: Text proposed by the Commission OJ C 075, 26.03.2002, p.269. Amendments by Parliament Amendment 1 Recital 6 (6) Racist or xenophobic motivation should be taken into account as an aggravating factor when imposing penalties for ordinary offences. This would constitute a direct response to perpetrators of such offences and have a deterrent effect; (6) Racist or xenophobic motivation may be taken into account as an aggravating factor when imposing penalties for ordinary offences. This would constitute a direct response to