competent courts in order to obtain additional compensation. In cases where passengers receive no compensation and in the case described above, passengers shall be awarded compensation for all the costs they have incurred, including legal advisers' fees, if the competent authority deems that the compensation provided for pursuant to the derogation or restrictive clause in the contract of carriage or the contract in which they have accepted inferior compensation, manifestly does not constitute fair compensation. Justification Account should be taken of the possibility that transport companies or tour operators have nevertheless provided for passengers to be compensated on the basis of a flawed clause. In such cases, passengers must still be able to lodge an appeal with the competent legal authorities for additional compensation. Amendment 23 Article 16 Member States shall lay down the rules on penalties applicable to infringements of this Regulation and shall take all measures necessary to ensure that they are implemented. The penalties provided for must be effective, proportionate and dissuasive. The Member States shall notify those provisions to the Commission by 1st January 2004 at the latest and shall notify it without delay of any subsequent amendment affecting them. Member States shall lay down the rules on penalties applicable to infringements of this Regulation and shall take all measures necessary to ensure that they are implemented. The penalties provided for must be effective, proportionate and dissuasive. The Member States shall notify those provisions to the Commission no later than six months after the entry into force of this Regulation and shall notify it without delay of any subsequent amendment affecting them. Justification Retabling of an amendment adopted by the Parliament in its response to the 1998 revised Denied Board Regulation proposal (A4 0240/1998). Amendment 24 Article 17 Each Member State shall designate the body responsible for the enforcement of this Regulation and shall make this public. The body shall be responsible for enforcement of the Regulation as regards airports situated on the territory of the Member State and flights from a third country to an airport situated on that territory. It shall be responsible, among other things, for the investigation of complaints concerning the respect of this Regulation and for taking the measures necessary to ensure that the rights of passengers are respected. Each Member State shall designate the body responsible for the enforcement of this Regulation and shall make this public. The body shall