may decide to entrust part of implementation of the budget to national agencies designated in agreement with the Member State concerned on the basis of Article 54(2)(c) of the Financial Regulation and in accordance with the selection criteria set out in Annex II of this Regulation. deleted Justification Consistent with earlier amendments deleting the principle of delegated management. Amendment 17 Article 10 This Regulation shall not finance measures which fall within the eligibility criteria of, or receive assistance for the same purpose from, other Community financial instruments, including the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund, the Cohesion Fund, the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, the Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme, the European Fisheries Fund and the seventh Research Framework Programme . The beneficiaries under this Regulation shall provide information on funding they have received from the Community budget and on their ongoing applications for funding to the Commission for centrally financed measures or to the national agency for delegated measures . Synergies and complementarity shall be sought with other Community instruments. This Regulation shall not finance measures which fall within the main scope of, or receive assistance for the same purpose from, other Community financial instruments, including the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund, the Cohesion Fund, the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, or the European Fisheries Fund. The beneficiaries under this Regulation shall provide information on funding they have received from the Community budget and on their ongoing applications for funding to the Commission. The Commission shall ensure coordination and complementarity with other Community instruments. Justification The programmes under the Framework Programme for Research and the Framework Programme for Innovation and Competitiveness can operate in a fashion complementary to those undertaken under the LIFE + programme. There is thus no reason to exclude them from funding if the aim is to achieve integrated programmes. Amendment 18 Article 11, paragraph 2 2. The financial envelope for the implementation of LIFE+ shall be set at EUR 1 854 372 000 for the period from 1 January 2007 to 31 December 2013. 2. The financial envelope for the implementation of LIFE+ shall be set at EUR 1 911 000 000 (in 2004 prices) for the period from 1 January 2007 to 31 December 2013. Justification The extra € 100 million agreed in the context of FINP for heading 2 should be assigned in full to LIFE+