of vote has begun. Explanations of vote are admissible on the final vote on any subject submitted to Parliament. For the purposes of this Rule the term "final vote" does not refer to the type of vote, but means the last vote on any item. 2. Explanations of vote shall not be admissible in the case of votes on procedural matters. 3. Where a proposal for a legislative act or a report has been included on the agenda of Parliament pursuant to Rule 138, Members may submit written explanations of vote in accordance with paragraph 1. Explanations of vote given either orally or in writing must have a direct bearing on the text being put to the vote. Rule 171 Disputes on voting 1. The President shall declare votes open and closed. 2. Once the President has declared a vote open, no-one except the President shall be allowed to speak until the vote is declared closed. 3. Points of order concerning the validity of a vote may be raised after the President has declared it closed. 4. After the result of a vote by show of hands has been announced, a Member may request that this result be checked using the electronic voting system. 5. The President shall decide whether the result announced is valid. The decision shall be final. CHAPTER 6 INTERRUPTIVE AND PROCEDURAL MOTIONS Rule 172 Procedural motions 1. Requests to move a procedural motion, namely: (a) the inadmissibility of a matter (Rule 174); (b) referral back to committee (Rule 175); (c) the closure of a debate (Rule 176); (d) the adjournment of a debate and vote (Rule 177); or (e) the suspension or closure of the sitting (Rule 178) shall take precedence over other requests to speak. Only the following shall be heard on these motions in addition to the mover: one speaker in favour and one against and the Chair or rapporteur of the committee responsible. 2. Speaking time shall not exceed one minute. Rule 173 Points of order 1. Members may be allowed to speak in order to draw the attention of the President to any failure to comply with Parliament's Rules of Procedure. They shall first specify to which Rule they are referring. 2. A request to raise a point of order shall take precedence over all other requests to speak. 3. Speaking time shall not exceed one minute. 4. The President shall take