independent scientific and technical support in all fields which have a direct or indirect impact on food and feed safety. The regulation emphasises the aspect of independence of the scientific advice and the transparency of the process. EFSA has in turn established internal rules and procedures to comply with these requirements, including specific rules which apply to its Scientific Panels and Committee and these may be found on the authority’s Internet site. Accordingly, the Commission is not responsible for the management of EFSA’s activities and is, therefore, not in a position to respond to questions on the preparation of the recent aspartame scientific opinion. The Commission will forward the question to EFSA so that it can respond directly to the Honourable Member. 3. Article 38(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002, which concerns transparency, provides that the authority makes public without delay the opinions of the scientific panels immediately after adoption. In addition, in order to improve the transparency of the process, if minority opinions are expressed during the preparation of the opinion, these are always included in the scientific opinion. However, for the scientific studies submitted to EFSA, their publication is the responsibility of the laboratory or the scientific organisation which has carried out the study. 4. Food labelling legislation provides for a general requirement for foods to carry a list of food additives and other ingredients and, therefore, when used in foods, aspartame must be labelled either as ‘aspartame’ or ‘E951’. Moreover, products containing sweeteners such as aspartame must show the statement ‘with sweetener(s)’ on the label close to the main product name. There is, however, a specific group of people who cannot safely consume aspartame. These are the sufferers of the inherited disease phenylketonuria (PKU), who are unable to metabolise the amino acid phenylalanine effectively. Since aspartame is a source of phenylalanine, it is a legal requirement that all food products containing aspartame are labelled to indicate the presence of phenylalanine so that people who suffer from PKU can avoid consuming these products.