to making practical proposals to governments regarding the measures and resources necessary to embark upon an effective communication campaign in the Member States. The EESC suggests that the European Parliament define and clarify, in the form of green papers, the various existing hypotheses in relation to the three or four most debated and debatable questions on the future of the EU, questions that will culminate in deliberations after the process of communication and debate thus launched. The EESC is prepared to be involved in such deliberations and to make available its expertise in this field and to offer the support of its contacts in the Member States, national Economic and Social Councils and similar institutions. 2.2 The EESC encourages the EP fully to exploit the Committee's willingness to act as a partner in the debates in the Member States and at EU level. 2.3 In order to ensure a degree of consistency between the initiatives, the EESC requests the European Parliament and the European Commission to ensure that initiatives by representatives of organised civil society enjoy the same support as those by elected and other representatives of European, national, regional and local bodies. Civil society cannot be kept on the sidelines. 2.4 The EESC suggests that the European Parliament should consider allocating a significant proportion of the overall EU communication budget to local and thematic debates on the European integration process to complement the resources of national and local public authorities and the resources at the disposal of civil society organisations. 3. For the European Commission 3.1 The EESC applauds the European Commission's determination, to propose a "Plan D", for debate, democracy and dialogue. It will soon look at whether a plan of this nature is equal to the current challenge. The EESC notes the decision, within its 20 July 2005 Action Plan to improve communicating Europe, to devolve significant fresh resources to the Commission's representations in the Member States. 3.2 In this context, calls for the European Commission's representations to recognise that the EESC's members represent a significant and currently under-exploited communications resource that could and should be involved in local, regional and national debates. 3.3 Also in this context, calls for the Commission to ensure that the Committee and its members are fully involved in the initiatives which the "Plan D" will define once the European Parliament has examined it and once the Committee has delivered its opinion.