Answer given by Mr Figel' on behalf of the Commission (1 July 2009) The Commission attaches great importance to the role of higher education in the democratisation process in Belarus and in that context, the EHU, which was forced to terminate its activities in Belarus in 2004 and was exiled to Lithuania, plays a vital role to train a new generation of Belarusian students. The Commission has been supporting initiatives targeting Belarusian students since 2005 — when EHU resumed its activities in Vilnius — including support for setting-up the EHU in Vilnius and the provision of scholarships for Belarusian students. Overall, funding from the Commission to support the EHU amounted to over EUR 7.5 million between 2005 and 2007. These funds have been provided to support the entire duration of the academic curriculum of enrolled students. However, despite the significant support provided by the European Union and others donors, the EHU has yet to become a self-sustaining university. Given the importance of the EHU as an agent of change, the Commission initiated in 2007 — in cooperation with the Nordic Council of Ministers (NCM) — a mechanism to channel financial contributions of the international donors’ community to the EHU for the foreseeable future. A multi-donor EHU Trust Fund was set up and is managed by the NCM. The aim of the Trust Fund is to help the EHU become self-sustaining, while ensuring financial support in the meantime. It has been operational since the beginning of the 2008‑09 academic year, and has the double advantage of channelling all contributions towards the financing of the EHU and to disburse funds periodically to let the EHU plan where funds should be directed to cover scholarships or administrative costs. The Commission was the first and is so far the largest donor contributing to the EHU Trust Fund with a contribution of EUR 1 million in 2008 and a further contribution of EUR 1 million in 2009. Other donors, including several Member States, have joined the Commission and it continues to encourage others to follow suit.