disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility, such as large print, plain language, Braille, electronic communications that can be accessed with adaptive technology, and audio tapes . Justification Partially restore the EP first reading on accessible formats. Amendment 10 Council position – amending act Recital 16 Council position Amendment (16) Inconvenience experienced by passengers due to cancellation or long delay of their journey should be reduced. To this end, passengers departing from terminals should be adequately looked after and informed. Passengers should also be able to cancel their journey and have their tickets reimbursed or to continue their journey or to obtain re‑routing under satisfactory conditions. (16) Inconvenience experienced by passengers due to cancellation or significant delay of their journey should be reduced. To this end, passengers departing from terminals should be adequately looked after and informed in a way which is accessible to everyone . Passengers should also be able to cancel their journey and have their tickets reimbursed or to continue their journey or to obtain re‑routing under satisfactory conditions. If carriers fail to provide passengers with the necessary assistance, passengers should have a right to obtain financial compensation. Justification The amendment restores the EP position at first reading and is connected with the amendment on paragraph 19. Amendment 11 Council position – amending act Recital 17 Council position Amendment 17) Through their professional associations, carriers should cooperate in order to adopt arrangements at national or European level with the involvement of stakeholders, professional associations and associations of customers, passengers and disabled persons, aiming to improve care for passengers, especially in the event of cancellations and long delays. (17) Through their professional associations, carriers should cooperate in order to adopt arrangements at regional, national or European level with the involvement of stakeholders, professional associations and associations of customers, passengers and disabled persons, aiming to improve provision of information and care for passengers, especially in the event of cancellations and long delays. Justification Cooperation at regional level should be included in order to reflect better the structure of Member States and stakeholders organisations. Further, the right to information is an important aspect of passenger rights and cannot be omitted. Amendment 12 Council position – amending act Recital 26 a (new) Council position Amendment (26a) Member States should promote the use of public transport and introduce interoperable, intermodal information systems allowing for timetable information and pricing with the issuing of