now, but would this continue if each programmer needed a team of patent lawyers?" She called on MEPs to vote for all amendments proposing freedom from patentability. Arlene McCARTHY (PES, UK) said Europe had the opportunity to lead the world with good patent law, but there was disagreement about how to achieve this. The law should be tightened to avoid the patenting of software and business methods, but patents were needed to protect the ideas of European innovators. "SMEs need patent protection to ensure their ideas are not ripped off by giant companies." Individual programmers, on the other hand, should not have to deal with a mass of trivial patents. A good patents system would enable Europeans to challenge US dominance - India too was now to allow patents on embedded systems. Andrew DUFF (ALDE, UK) said the strategic challenge was to create a framework to stop the spread of software patentability. It would be a tactical mistake to reject the common position altogether: "Without legislation the industry would be at the mercy of the EPO, the courts and WTO panels. That would be costly, legalistic and confusing." The conciliation procedure would be the best way to achieve a first class law, he said. Simon COVENEY (EPP-ED, IE) stated that it was a complex technical subject and there had been " heavy " lobbying supporting and opposing the common position. The proposed directive did not, he said, bring in a new patenting system for the EU. It did, however, aim to harmonise the 25 national patent offices in the EU. Mr Coveney said that it was not possible to say the directive was based on a simple split between large companies and SMEs. Small and medium sized enterprises were to be found, he said, on both sides of the argument. The directive would not make it possible, he said, to patent software as opposed to the current US system; copyright exists to protect software. Inter-operability was also essential allowing " open-source " software to flourish. Finally, Mr Coveney said it was likely that the whole directive would be rejected in the vote. Malcolm HARBOUR (EPP-ED, UK) said the proposed directive's objective was to clarify and harmonise existing patent law. Companies were receiving patents in one country but not in another. He questioned whether the draft directive would achieve this objective as much of the proposed text was opaque and went