WRITTEN QUESTION E-1678/04 by Erik Meijer (GUE/NGL) to the Commission (17 August 2004) Subject: By-passing of the Breda rail junction by trains on the future high-speed line to Belgium and France 1. Is the Commission aware that when the decision was taken to build the high-speed line from Amsterdam and Rotterdam via Breda to Antwerp through the west of the Netherlands province of North Brabant an explicit assurance was given that, although there would be no stopping point for international through trains, the area would experience the benefits as well as the disadvantages of the HSL? 2. Is the Commission aware that this high-speed line, which is now under construction and will come into operation in 2007, runs along the outskirts of Breda to the west but no new station is being built on this North-South line? 3. Is the Commission also aware that under the existing plans it was hitherto understood that, in addition to the through trains between Amsterdam and Brussels/Paris which could not stop in Breda, frequent trains to and from Amsterdam/Rotterdam and Brussels/Antwerp would turn off the main line and stop at the existing railway station in the centre of Breda at the junction with the East-West rail line? 4. Is the Commission also aware that the benefits referred to in paragraph 1 were to be achieved inter alia through frequent direct connections between Breda and Antwerp and Brussels as described in paragraph 3, which would also compensate for the fact that it will no longer be possible to change at Rosenthal where trains from the south and east of the Netherlands connect with the present hourly express service between Amsterdam and Brussels? 5. Does the Commission consider it sensible, when planning and building infrastructure, to opt for a single model of rail service based on a combination of high frequency and a variety of services turning off major routes, which results in an inflexible system which cannot operate effectively if the number of passengers falls or the costs are too high? 6. Does the Commission have anything to do with cross-border infrastructure planning issues of this kind, and if so, how is it involved?