of plant and animal origin, as its precise requirements are to be applied at the same time and in the same manner throughout the Community and accordingly permit a more efficient use of national resources. (4) The production and consumption of plant and animal products play a very important role in the Community. The yield from plant production is continually being affected by harmful organisms. It is essential to protect plants and plant products against such organisms, to prevent a reduction in yield or damage to them and also in order to ensure the quality of the products harvested and to ensure high agricultural productivity. To this end, different methods are available, including non-chemical methods, practices such as using resistant varieties, crop rotation, mechanical weeding, biological control and chemical methods such as the use of plant protection products. (5) One of the most common methods of protecting plants and plant products from the effects of harmful organisms is the use of active substances in plant protection products. However, a possible consequence of their use may be the presence of residues in the treated products, in animals feeding on those products and in honey produced by bees exposed to those substances. According to Council Directive 91/414/EEC of 15 July 1991 concerning the placing of plant protection products on the market OJ L 230, 19.8.1991, p. 1. Directive as last amended by Commission Directive 2004/ 99 /EC (OJ L 309 , 6.10 .2004, p. 6 ). , public health should be given priority over the interests of crop protection, thus it is necessary to ensure that such residues should not be present at levels presenting an unacceptable risk to humans and, where relevant, to animals. MRLs should be set a the lowest achievable level consistent with good agricultural practice for each pesticide with a view to protecting vulnerable groups such as children and the unborn. (6) It is also important to carry out further work to develop a methodology to take into account cumulative and synergistic effects. In view of human exposure to combinations of active substances and their cumulative and possible aggregate and synergistic affects on human health, MRLs should be set after consultation of the European Food Safety Authority ("the Authority") established by Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 28 January 2002 laying down the general principles and requirements of food law, establishing