Answer given by Mr Andor on behalf of the Commission (23 June 2010) The Commission shares the Honourable Member's desire for the benefits of growth and jobs to be widely shared and for people experiencing poverty and social exclusion to be able to live in dignity and play an active part in society. This is reflected in the ‘inclusive growth’ objective under the Europe 2020 Strategy. In this connection, the Commission proposed a ‘European Platform against Poverty’ flagship initiative to help keep poverty and exclusion in the public eye and at the centre of political debate. The Platform will be crucial to maintaining a commitment to reduce poverty and increase participation in work and society. It will also aim to give fresh impetus to policy coordination under the Open Method of Coordination in social protection and social inclusion and encourage broader participation of stakeholders, allowing issues to be dealt with more effectively at all levels — European, national, regional and local. The Platform will also facilitate broader participation across policy areas with a clear bearing on poverty and exclusion, such as health, migration, education, financial inclusion and the digital agenda. The cross-cutting approach envisaged should allow more effective use to be made of the EU funds available to provide support in this field. For the first time the Council has adopted an EU headline target to reduce the number of people living at risk of poverty or social exclusion (by at least 20 million by 2020). The target and the indicators that support it will serve as the basis for defining national targets. Such target-setting provides a solid basis for fostering a commitment to reduce poverty, monitoring the results and increasing accountability. Lastly, financial assistance designed to fight poverty and support individuals, in particular through social security and minimum income schemes, is chiefly a Member State competence, and there is no legal basis for EU measures to outlaw poverty in the way suggested by the Honourable Member.