identify sectors to be studied in further detail, E. whereas the Scoreboard should stimulate debate on consumer policy issues, F. whereas studies and analyses from national consumer and competition authorities may be relevant for the further development of the Scoreboard, Introduction 1. Stresses the importance of enabling citizens to benefit fully from the benefits of the Internal Market, and sees the Scoreboard as an important tool to this end; 2. Welcomes the five main indicators in the Scoreboard in relation to complaints, price levels, satisfaction, switching and safety; 3. Underlines that the Scoreboard is in its infancy and needs to be further developed with more complete data, more precise statistics and further analyses based on the various indicators; 4. Stresses that when a satisfactory level of development of the five basic indicators of the Scoreboard is reached, new indicators should be drawn up in order to make the Internal Market more responsive to the expectations and concerns of citizens; 5. Calls on the Commission to ensure adequate financing and staffing for the purposes referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4; 6. Encourages the Commission to ensure a coherent and coordinated approach within its services in order to avoid duplication of work and contradictory outcomes of data analysis; 7. Calls on the Commission to include an easily comprehensible summary as well as clear conclusions and recommendations in future Scoreboards, translated into all official languages of the European Union; Developing the indicators 8. Takes the view that the total number of indicators should be limited to ensure a focused Scoreboard; 9. Takes the view that an indicator related to complaints is essential to understand consumer satisfaction; calls on the Commission and the Member States to work towards a harmonisation of the complaint classification systems used by the competent authorities and relevant consumer assistance services in the Member States and at Community level and to establish an EU-wide database of consumer complaints; calls on Member States to raise consumer awareness of complaints systems and to improve the handling of complaints in order to enable economic operators to offer more and better services; 10. Calls on the Commission to develop indicators relating to cross-border judicial proceedings and compensation for damage suffered by consumers, through judicial and extrajudicial means of redress, as well as through existing national redress mechanisms; 11. Takes the view that indicators relating to consumer literacy, skills and age (for example level