a better overall system of supervision for Europe’s still fragmented financial services markets. As a consequence, MEPs adopted new rules to avoid future financial crisis - Capital Requirements Directives , new rules on credit rating agencies and guaranteed better financial supervsion. New rules to avoid future financial crisis - Capital Requirements Directives The European Parliament adopted a legislative report by Othmar Karas (EPP-ED, AT) which amends the "Capital Requirements" Directives to improve the transparency and the supervision of the financial system to ensure proper risk management in the banking sector. The legislative resolution was adopted with 454 votes in favour, 106 against and 25 abstentions. The major change after negotiations is the inclusion of a review clause, asking the Commission to present a proposal by 31 December 2009, with an increase in the retention rate, if considered convenient after consulting the Committee of European Banking Supervisors and taking into account international developments. Directive adopted by EP: 6.5.2009 Credit Rating Agencies: partially responsible for the current financial crisis say MEPs Strict rules to improve transparency and independence of European credit rating were endorsed by the European Parliament on Thursday in Strasbourg when MEPs adopted a legislative report with 569 votes in favour, 47 against and 4 abstentions. According to Members, credit rating agencies failed to detect the worsening of the financial market conditions and to adapt their ratings in time. They also failed to adapt to the new risks of the credit market, e.g. structured credit products (derivatives) and hedge funds. Adopted by EP: 23.4.2009 Solvency II: better financial supervision of the insurance industry A major overhaul of the supervisory framework to enhance the financial stability of the insurance industry was approved on Wednesday by the European Parliament in Strasbourg. MEPs voted 593 votes in favour, 80 against with 3 abstentions on the so-called Solvency II legalisation. The aim of the approved legislation, called Solvency II, is to help ensure the financial stability of insurance (and reinsurance) companies by introducing more sophisticated solvency requirements which will take better account of the risks the companies must deal with: insurance risks as at present, but also market, credit and operational risks. Adopted: 22.4.2009 Independence of auditors MEPs adopted new rules intended to help improve quality audits within the EU and underpin confidence in the functioning of EU capital markets. European auditors and audit firms are required to prove their independence from the management