in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 7(1)(b). 2. (a) When, after an examination procedure, the third country or countries concerned take(s) measures which are considered satisfactory, and therefore no action by the Union is required, the procedure may be suspended by the Commission acting in accordance with the advisory procedure referred to in Article 7(1)(aa) . Amendment 57 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 4 – point 6 – point c Regulation (EC) No 3286/94 Article 11 – paragraph 3 3. Where, either after an examination procedure, or at any time before, during and after an international dispute settlement procedure, it appears that the most appropriate means to resolve a dispute arising from an obstacle to trade is the conclusion of an agreement with the third country or countries concerned, which may change the substantive rights of the Union and of the third country or countries concerned, the procedure shall be suspended by the Commission acting in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 7(1)(b) , and negotiations shall be carried out according to the provisions of Article 207 of the Treaty. 3. Where, either after an examination procedure, or at any time before, during and after an international dispute settlement procedure, it appears that the most appropriate means to resolve a dispute arising from an obstacle to trade is the conclusion of an agreement with the third country or countries concerned, which may change the substantive rights of the Union and of the third country or countries concerned, the procedure shall be suspended by the Commission acting in accordance with the advisory procedure referred to in Article 7(1)(aa) , and negotiations shall be carried out according to the provisions of Article 207 of the Treaty. Amendment 58 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 4 – point 7 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 3286/94 Article 13 a (new) 7a. The following article is inserted: ‘Article 13a Report The Commission shall present an annual report on the application and implementation of this Regulation to the European Parliament. The report shall include information about the activities of the Commission and the Trade Barriers Committee. No later than six months after presenting the report to the European Parliament, the Commission shall make the report public.‘ Amendment 59 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 5 – point -1