pay immediately even before the judgment is given. If you wish to be paid by bank transfer, please give the necessary bank details. 6. Bank details * optional 6.1. How will you pay the application fee? 6.1.1. By bank transfer ▪ 6.1.2. By credit card ▪ (please fill in the Appendix) 6.1.3. Direct debit from your bank account ▪ (please fill in the Appendix) 6.1.4. Other (please specify): 6.2. To which account do you wish the defendant to pay any amount claimed or awarded? 6.2.1. Account holder: 6.2.2. Bank name, BIC or other relevant bank code: 6.2.3. Account number/IBAN: 7. Claim Scope Please note that the European Small Claims Procedure has a limited scope. No claims of a value higher than EUR 2 000 or which are listed in Article 2 of Regulation (EC) No … * OJ: please fill in number of this Regulation. /2007 of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a European Small Claims Procedure can be dealt with under this procedure. If your claim does not relate to an action within the scope of that Regulation in accordance with Article 2, proceedings will continue before the courts/tribunals with jurisdiction in accordance with the rules of ordinary civil procedure. If you do not wish to continue proceedings in that event, you should withdraw your application. Monetary or other claim You should indicate whether you are claiming money and/or something else (non-monetary claim), for example, delivery of goods, and then fill in respectively either 7.1. and/or 7.2. If your claim is not for money, please indicate the estimated value of your claim. In the case of a non-monetary claim, you should indicate whether you have a secondary claim for compensation if it is not possible to satisfy the original claim. If you wish to claim the costs of the proceedings (e.g. translation costs, lawyers' fees, costs relating to the service of documents etc.), then you should indicate this in 7.3. Please note that rules regarding the costs which courts/tribunals can award vary between different Member States. Details of categories of costs in the Member States can be found on the website of the European Judicial Network in Civil and Commercial Matters at http://ec.europa.eu/civiljustice. If you wish to claim any contractual interest, for example on a loan, you should indicate the rate and from what date it runs. The court/tribunal may award statutory interest on your claim,