term ‘force majeure’ from Article 4, paragraph 6, subparagraph b(ii) of Council Directive 90/314/EEC on package tourism is therefore used. Amendment 2 Recital 10 (10) Since the distinction between scheduled and non-scheduled air services is weakening, protection should apply to passengers not only on scheduled but also on non- scheduled flights, including those contained in package travel, holidays and tours. (10) Since the distinction between scheduled and non-scheduled air services is weakening, protection should apply to passengers not only on scheduled but also on non- scheduled flights, including those contained in holidays and tours. Justification Package tourists are covered by Council Directive 90/314/EEC on package tourism, and this provides appropriate security for tourists. It is therefore not appropriate to include package tourists in this Regulation. Amendment 3 Recital 11 (11) Since tour operators are generally responsible for commercial decisions concerning package travel, holidays and tours, they should be responsible for compensation and assistance to passengers taking flights contained in package travel, holidays and tours, in the event of denied boarding and cancellation or long delay. (11) Package travel customers enjoy already a high level of protection through Directive 90/314/EEC of 13 June 1990 on package holiday and package tours, which holds tour operators responsible for the proper performance of the package, including air transport. As such, the provisions of this regulation shall not apply to package travel customers. Justification Non-scheduled airlines and tour operators never deliberately overbook. Occasional mistakes occur or (for operational reasons, most often to reduce delay) smaller aircraft may be substituted. The welfare interests of such passengers are protected by the Package Travel Directive and the airlines’ voluntary commitment on Air Passenger Rights. Non-scheduled airlines do not cancel flights because holidaying passengers cannot be ‘abandoned’. Those on holiday must be returned. Amendment 4 Recital 13 (13) Passengers should be fully informed of their rights in the event of denied boarding and of cancellation or long delay of flights, so that they can effectively exercise their rights. (13) Passengers should be fully informed of their rights in the event of denied boarding and of cancellation or long delay of flights, so that they can effectively exercise their rights. Where a flight has been overbooked, the available places shall be allocated under a transparent procedure according to uniform criteria. Justification The allocation of available places in the event of overbooking is not always done transparently and is therefore difficult