Commissioner Hübner too stressed the importance of maintaining the necessary funds. In response to questions from Ritta MYLLER (PES, FI) and Rolf BEREND (EPP-ED, DE) she said some Member States wanted to see a reduction in cohesion funds across the board. She continued "We cannot divide the Union into net contributors and net recipients. It is not as simple as that." As to transition measures for countries that have lost Objective 1 status due to the so-called statistical effect of an overall reduction of the EU's average GDP post-enlargement, Commissioner Hübner stated that "it would be a great mistake to remove or reduce these transitional measures." Jan OLBRYCHT (EPP-ED, PL), Vice-Chairman of the Committee on Regional Development, stressed that the priority should be the poorer regions in the new Member States and the debate should focus on strategy rather than technocratic details. The study carried out by Notre Europe and an executive summary are available here . http://www.europarl.eu.int/meetdocs/2004_2009/organes/REGI/REGI_20050202_1500_audition.htm 02.02.2005 Committee on Regional Development In the chair: Gerardo GALEOTE QUECEDO (EPP-ED, ES) Press enquiries: Richard Freedman - tel. (32-2) 28 41448 e-mail: region-press@europarl.eu.int Western Balkans: many problems still unsolved Seriously concerned at the economic and social situation in the Western Balkans, Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee is calling on the EU to adopt a clearer strategy for the Balkans and provide a step-by-step integration agenda. In a draft resolution adopted unanimously on Wednesday, MEPs also called on the Western Balkan countries themselves to coordinate their regional infrastructure better. And they stressed that these countries could facilitate EU integration more by fulfilling certain conditions, such as cooperating with the International Criminal Tribunal on Yugoslavia in The Hague, favouring the return of refugees, actively fighting corruption and organised crime and respecting human and minority rights. As regards Bosnia-Herzegovina, MEPs were worried about the continuing serious political problems and the country's precarious stability. They called for a quick handover of Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic to the Hague tribunal. Turning to Serbia and Montenegro, MEPs said that the next two years will be crucial for finding a mutually satisfactory solution to problems with the State Union. They also recognised that future decisions on the status of Kosovo will have political implications for Serbia, for which reason Belgrade and Priština should engage in a cooperative dialogue. In that respect, they referred to the upcoming review of the Kosovo "standards" - the state of the rule of