some years now entry and residence on the ground of family reunification has represented the main avenue of legal immigration for third-country nationals in almost all the Member States and in the OECD countries. This family immigration comprises not only family reunification in the strict sense of the term (reunification of family members with a third-country national already resident) but also the constitution of a family (when family bonds are established after the third-country national has entered a country). The proportion of persons authorised to enter a country as ‘family members’ as a percentage of total immigration varies from 40% to 50%, with this figure being higher in some Member States like France and the United Kingdom, and in other third countries such as the United States and Canada. Without playing down the scale of this facet of legal immigration, it is important to highlight the fundamental role that family reunification plays in the integration of third-country nationals legally resident in the European Union. Indeed, the presence of family members contributes to greater stability and better assimilation, by allowing these people to lead a normal family life. The majority of family members granted entry by virtue of their right to family reunification have a major advantage in comparison to other types of immigrants, in that they have very close ties with one person, the applicant, already established in the host country. This enhances enormously their prospects for integration. Likewise, the rights conferred on immigrants who are granted entry as family members are fundamental factors that will undoubtedly facilitate their integration in the host country. II. - RIGHT TO FAMILY REUNIFICATION OF THIRD-COUNTRY NATIONALS LEGALLY RESIDENT IN THE EUROPEAN UNION Legislation on family reunification should be governed by two principles, which should also apply to any legislation on immigration. These principles are those of ‘equality’ and ‘security’. In the context of family reunification, ‘equality’ means two things: (a) equal treatment, to the extent that this is possible, between the families of immigrants and the families of European citizens, as this will foster the equitable treatment of the racial, ethnic, religious and cultural minorities of which immigrants frequently form a large part; (b) equal treatment for men and women, in accordance with the fundamental right of equality between the sexes enshrined in international human rights legislation and in the constitutions of the Member States. The principle of ‘security’ is of similar importance,