calls on the ACP, therefore, to state what additional EPA-related funds are needed, particularly with regard to regulatory frameworks, safeguard measures, trade facilitation, support in meeting international sanitary and phytosanitary and intellectual property standards and the composition of the EPA monitoring mechanism; 18 Urges the relevant countries to provide clear and transparent information about the economic and political situation and development in these countries, in order to improve cooperation with the Commission; 19. Highlights the importance of intra-regional trade and the need for increased regional trade links in order for sustainable growth to be ensured in the region; underlines the importance of cooperation and congruency between different regional entities; 20. Encourages a further lowering of tariffs between developing countries and regional groups, which today account for 15 to 25 % of the value of trade, to further promote south-south trade, economic growth and regional integration; 21. Stresses that the future EPA with Central Africa must under no circumstances endanger the cohesion or weaken the regional integration of those countries; 22. Calls on the Commission to do its utmost to restart the negotiations on the DDA and ensure that trade liberalisation agreements continue to promote development in poor countries; 23. Is convinced that comprehensive EPAs should be complementary to an agreement on the DDA and not an alternative for ACP countries; 24. Considers that the uncertainties surrounding the outcome of the Doha Round and the settling of the dispute over bananas within the WTO require the European Union to pay special attention and take priority action to safeguard the future of the banana sector in Cameroon and the Central African region; 25. Welcomes the safeguard measures provided for in the agreement, but points out that the instruments provided for their adoption are complex, which could limit the chances of implementing them; calls on both parties to avoid unnecessary abuse of these safeguards; 26. Underlines the need for a global-impact assessment of the EPA, after its implementation, by national parliaments, the European Parliament and civil society; calls for the liberalisation timetable to be revised in line with the conclusions of that assessment; 27. Calls for the production and export of higher-value-added processed products to be supported, in particular by simplifying and making more flexible the rules of origin, which should take into account the differences in industrial development between the EU and the ACP countries and between the ACP countries themselves; 28.