intra-Community infringement without delay, the obligations of the requested authority under paragraphs 1 and 2 shall remain. 4. The requested authority may only take the measures set out in paragraph 3 if, after consultation with the applicant authority on the use of those measures, both applicant and requested authority are in agreement that: - use of the measures in paragraph 3 is likely to bring about the cessation or prohibition of the intra-Community infringement in at least equally efficient and effective a way as action by the requested authority; and - the instruction of the body designated under national law does not give rise to any disclosure to that body of information protected under Article 13. 5. In the event that the applicant authority is of the opinion that the conditions set out under paragraph 4 are not fulfilled, it shall inform the requested authority in writing, setting out the grounds for its opinion. If the applicant authority and the requested authority are not in agreement, the requested authority may refer the matter to the Commission, which shall issue an opinion in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2). 6. The requested authority may consult the applicant authority in the course of taking the enforcement measures referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 . The requested authority shall notify the applicant authority, the competent authorities of other Member States and the Commission of the measures taken and the effect thereof on the intra-Community infringement, including whether it has ceased, without delay. 7. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2) . Article 9 Co-ordination of market surveillance and enforcement 1. Competent authorities shall co-ordinate their market surveillance and enforcement activities. They shall exchange all information necessary to achieve this. 2. When competent authorities become aware that an intra-Community infringement harms consumers in more than two Member States, the competent authorities concerned shall coordinate their enforcement actions and requests for mutual assistance via the single liaison office . In particular they shall seek to conduct simultaneous investigations and enforcement measures. 3. The competent authorities shall inform the Commission in advance of this co-ordination and may invite the officials and other accompanying persons authorised by the Commission to participate. 4. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the