Reply (14 February 2011) The Council would inform the Honourable Member that the sharing of evidence with a third country takes place in the context of mutual assistance in criminal matters, and that the decision whether to share evidence with a third country is a matter for the competent judicial authorities or the Ministry of Justice of the requested Member State , as the case may be. In the vast majority of cases, mutual assistance is not governed by EU instruments, but takes place on the basis of bilteral or multilateral mutual assistance agreements or, in the absence of a mutual assistance agreement, on the basis of comity. However, in the two cases where the European Union has concluded mutual legal assistance agreements with third countries that impose the death penalty, these agreements enable Member States to ensure that the provision of evidence on the basis of these agreements will not lead to imposition of the death penalty. The two cases in point are the mutual legal assistance agreements with the United States of America Agreement on mutual legal assistance between the European Union and the United States of America ( OJ L 181, 19.7.2003 , p. 34). (signed on 25 June 2003) and with Japan Agreement between the European Union and Japan on mutual legal assistance in criminal matters ( OJ L 39, 12.2.2010 , p. 20). (signed on 30 November and 15 December 2009). Article 13 of the EU‑US Agreement on mutual legal assistance, which supplements the existing bilateral mutual legal assistance treaties between the Member States and the United States of America, allows Member States to invoke all grounds for refusal of assistance available pursuant to a bilateral mutual legal assistance treaty, or, in the absence of a treaty, ‘its applicable legal principles, including where execution of the request would prejudice its sovereignty, security, ordre public or other essential interests’. The time-honoured ordre public clause can be used by Member States to ensure that the US authorities undertake not to use the evidence to seek the imposition of the death penalty. The ordre public clause in the Agreement with Japan, which is a full-fledged mutual legal assistance agreement as no prior bilateral mutual legal assistance treaties existed between any of the Member States and Japan, renders explicit what is implicit in the EU‑US Agreement: Article 11(1)(b) of the EU‑Japan Agreement states that the requested State may consider