parties, are required by Member States of companies within the meaning of the second paragraph of Article 54 of the Treaty, with a view to making such safeguards equivalent OJ L 258, 1.10.2009, p. 11. Editorial note: The title of Directive 2009/101/EC has been adjusted to take account of the renumbering of the articles of the Treaty establishing the European Community, in accordance with Article 5 of the Treaty of Lisbon; the original reference was to the second paragraph of Article 48 of the Treaty. ensures, inter alia , that documents and particulars stored in the register can be accessed by paper means or by electronic means. However, citizens and companies still need to search the register on a country-by-country basis , in particular because the current voluntary cooperation between registers has not proved to be sufficient. (5) The Commission Communication on the Single Market Act identified the interconnection of central, commercial and companies registers as a measure required to create a more business-friendly legal and fiscal environment. The interconnection should contribute to fostering the competitiveness of European business by reducing administrative burdens and increasing legal certainty and thus contributing to an exit from the crisis, which is one of the priorities of the agenda Europe 2020. It should also improve cross-border communication between registers by using ▌ innovations in information and communication technology. (6) The Council Conclusions of 25 May 2010 on the interconnection of business registers 9678/10. confirmed that improving access to up-to-date and trustworthy information on companies could encourage greater confidence in the market, help recovery and increase the competitiveness of European business. (7) The European Parliament ▌ in its resolution of 7 September 2010 on the interconnection of business registers emphasised that the usefulness of the project for the further integration of the European Economic Area can only be exploited if all Member States take part in the network. (8) The Multi-annual European e-Justice Action Plan 2009-2013 OJ C 75, 31.3.2009, p. 1. provides for the development of a European e-Justice portal (‘the portal’) as the single European electronic access point for legal information, legal and administrative institutions, registers, databases and other services and considers the interconnection of central, commercial and companies registers to be important ▌. (9) Cross-border access to business information on companies and their branches opened in other Member States can only be improved if all Member States engage in enabling electronic communication