which the Commission submitted the proposal to Parliament ( C5‑0038/2002 ), – having regard to Rule 67 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the report of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism ( A5‑0417/2002 ), 1. Approves the Commission proposal as amended; 2. Asks to be consulted again should the Commission intend to amend the proposal substantially or replace it with another text; 3. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council and Commission. Text proposed by the Commission Amendments by Parliament Amendment 1 Recital 5 (5) The extension of access rights to all kind of rail freight services requires to repeal the provision limiting access for international rail freight services to the Trans-European Rail Freight Network (TERFN) that was in any case conceived for a transitory period. Therefore, this proposal deletes all references to the TERFN. (5) The extension of access rights to all kind of rail freight services requires the provision limiting access for international rail freight services to the Trans-European Rail Freight Network (TERFN) that was in any case conceived for a transitory period , and which is entirely appropriate for that period, to be clearly time-limited in the interests of all parties concerned. Justification The establishment of a special 'Trans-European Rail Freight Network' for cross-border freight services until 15 March 2003 continues to be an important interim step in revitalising rail transport in the European Union. Since the time of conclusion and the result of the legislative procedure for the present proposal for a directive cannot be predicted, that network should be established and at the same time be made subject to a clear time-limit. That will ensure legal certainty for all authorities, railway undertakings, railway customers and all other parties having an interest in the railway market. Amendment 2 Recital 5a (new) (5a) As a means of revitalising rail transport, not least in accordance with the Commission White Paper 'European transport policy for 2010: time to decide', it will also be necessary to grant authorised railway undertakings, including those providing passenger transport services, the right of access to the whole network . That must include cross-border as well as national transport services, for national passenger services at a later date. The provision of cross-border passenger transport services should also include the right to pick up passengers from any point between the places of departure and final destination. Justification