shall in no way affect the allocation of fishing opportunities or their exchange among Member States, in accordance with Article 20 of Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002. 3. Detailed rules for the application of this Article, and in particular those referring to the conditions for the use or transfer of quotas, shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 111. Amendment 4 2 Proposal for a regulation Article 33 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 33 Transhipments in port Community fishing vessels engaged in fishing activities in the fisheries subject to a multiannual plan shall not transfer their catches on board of any other vessel or vehicle without previously landing their catches in order to be weighed in an auction centre or other body authorised by Member States. deleted Justification This article in practice makes it impossible to use a vehicle to transport catches from the vessel to an auction centre. For example, in addition, it means that vessels equipped with RSW tanks for example can no longer remove herring or mackerel from the tanks for processing purposes. To date, there has never been any doubt that the quantities landed can be fully monitored using this procedure. The reason for abruptly seeking to prohibit it is therefore unclear. Amendment 4 3 Proposal for a regulation Article 34 – paragraph 4 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4a. Member States may designate a port not meeting the criteria of paragraph 4 in order to avoid vessels having to sail for a distance greater than 50 miles to port. Justification There may be cases where no designated port is within a reasonable distance, so Member States should have some flexibility. Amendment 4 4 Proposal for a regulation Article 37 – paragraph 2 – introductory wording Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. In fisheries in which it is allowed to have more than two types of gear on board, the gear which is not used shall be stowed so that it may not readily be used in accordance with the following conditions: 2. In fisheries in which it is allowed to have more than one type of gear on board, the gear which is not used shall be stowed so that it may not readily be used in accordance with the following conditions: Justification This seems to be a mistake and is not in the current