the second Member State. This matter should therefore be settled under Regulation 2371/2002, with rules being set at the same time to make it possible to benefit from under-used quotas. Amendment 81 Proposal for a regulation Article 101 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. If there is evidence, including based on the results of the sampling carried out by the Commission, that fishing activities and/or measures adopted by a Member State or Member States undermine the Common Fisheries Policy or threaten the marine eco-system and this requires immediate action, the Commission, at the substantiated request of any Member State or on its own initiative, may decide on emergency measures which shall last not more than one year . The Commission may take a new decision to extend the emergency measures for no more than six months. 1. If there is evidence, including based on the results of the sampling carried out by the Commission, that fishing activities and/or measures adopted by a Member State or Member States undermine the Common Fisheries Policy or threaten the marine eco-system and this requires immediate action, the Commission, at the substantiated request of any Member State or on its own initiative, may decide on emergency measures which shall last not more than six months . The Commission may take a new decision to extend the emergency measures for no more than six months. Justification Given the severity of the sanctions set out in paragraph 2 of this Article, a 1-year period seems excessive. Six months is enough time for the Member State at fault to be able to take the requisite corrective measures. Amendment 8 2 Proposal for a regulation Article 101 – paragraph 2 – point g Text proposed by the Commission Amendment g) prohibition for fishing vessels flying the flag of the Member State concerned to fish in waters under the jurisdiction of other Member States; g) prohibition for fishing vessels flying the flag of the Member State concerned to fish in waters under the jurisdiction of other Member States or of a third country, or on the high seas ; Justification Prohibiting vessels from fishing in the waters of other Member States but allowing them to go outside the EU is discriminatory, as it would result in vessels from Member States that do not enforce the CFP being allowed, or encouraged, to fish outside the EU. Amendment