due to either the driver's negligence and fault or a technical failure of the vehicle: (a) passengers have the right to compensation amounting to 25% of the ticket price in case of a delay of more than one hour, and 50% of the ticket price in case of a delay of more than two hours. A carrier shall be exonerated from this liability if the cancellation or delay can be attributed to: - circumstances not connected with the operation of bus and coach transport services and which the carrier could not have avoided, in spite of having taken the care required in the particular circumstances of the case, and the consequences of which it was unable to prevent; -passengers’ negligence. Justification A compensation scheme should also apply in case of a delay at arrival, provided that the causes for the delay are attributed to the carrier. Amendment 44 Council position – amending act Article 22 a (new) Council position Amendment Article 22a Additional measures in favour of passengers Carriers shall cooperate in order to adopt arrangements at national or European level with the involvement of stakeholders, professional associations and associations of customers, passengers and disabled persons. These measures shall be aimed at improving care for passengers, especially in the event of long delays and interruption or cancellation of travel with a particular focus on passengers with special needs due to disability, reduced mobility, illness, elderly age, pregnancy and including accompanying passengers and passengers travelling with young children. Justification This amendment re-introduces in part an article deleted by the Council. Amendment 45 Council position – amending act Article 23 Council position Amendment Carriers and terminal managing bodies shall , within their respective areas of competence, provide passengers with adequate information throughout their travel. Where feasible this information shall be provided in accessible formats upon request. Carriers and terminal managing bodies shall , within their respective areas of competence, provide passengers with adequate information from the moment of reservation and throughout their travel in accessible formats and according to a common conceptual model for public transport data and systems. Justification The information should be provided in accessible formats and from the moment of reservation, so that passengers are informed of anticipated delays, cancellations, etc. Furthermore, the use of common models would facilitate the building-up of interoperable and intermodal passenger information and ticketing. Amendment 46 Council position – amending act Article 24 -