the past few months, D. whereas the FDLR still has regional and international support networks that can supply it with weapons and help it to export mineral resources, E. whereas President Kabila has asked that a plan for the withdrawal of MONUC troops be submitted to him by 30 June 2010, F. whereas the mass population displacements in North and South Kivu have involved some 1 416 216 people, G. whereas thousands of cases of rape have been reported in eastern DRC, systematically perpetrated by the warring parties with almost total impunity, H. whereas over 115 000 people have been displaced by inter-community clashes (between the Lobala and the Boba) in the Equateur province, in north-western DRC; whereas these clashes are linked to the issue of fishing rights in the southern Ubangi district (Equateur province in the DRC), I. whereas the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs(OCHA) has reported that a total of 108 attacks against humanitarian workers, including murders, abductions and the theft of vehicles and other assets, have taken place in 2009 – a marked increase on 2008, J. whereas several humanitarian organisations have been forced to suspend their activities and aid workers in North Kivu are unable to reach at least 70% of those in need, 1. Calls for an immediate end to the violence and human rights abuses in eastern DRC; stresses the need for further efforts to put an end to the activity of foreign armed groups in the east of the DRC, in particular the FDLR; 2. Remains extremely concerned by the worsening humanitarian situation in eastern DRC, following atrocities carried out against the local population; 3. Deplores in the strongest possible terms the massacres, crimes against humanity and acts of sexual violence against women and girls, which continue in the eastern provinces, and calls on all actors to step up the fight against impunity and uphold the rule of law, in particular in fighting the rape of women and girls and the recruitment of child soldiers; 4. Welcomes the progress made in the region by improved bilateral diplomatic relations between the DRC and Rwanda; calls on the DRC and Rwanda to fully implement the Nairobi and Goma peace agreements, as well as the Ihusi agreement of 23 March 2009; 5. Stresses that the closer cooperation between the DRC and Rwanda is opening up new perspectives for a concerted and lasting settlement