shall be published in the same way as the text to which they refer. Rules 72, 73 and 74 shall apply mutatis mutandis . ANNEX I Provisions governing the application of Rule 9(1) - Transparency and Members' financial interests Article 1 1. Before speaking in Parliament or in one of its bodies or if proposed as rapporteur, any Member who has a direct financial interest in the subject under debate shall disclose this interest to the meeting orally. 2. Before Members may be validly nominated as office-holders of Parliament or one of its bodies, under Rule 13, 191 or 198(2), or participate in an official delegation, under Rule 68 or 198(2), they must have duly completed the declaration provided for in Article 2. Article 2 The Quaestors shall keep a register in which all Members shall make a personal, detailed declaration of: (a) their professional activities and any other remunerated functions or activities, (b) any salary which the Member receives for the exercise of a mandate in another parliament, (c) any support, whether financial or in terms of staff or material, additional to that provided by Parliament and granted to them in connection with their political activities by third parties, whose identity shall be disclosed. Members of Parliament shall refrain from accepting any other gift or benefit in the performance of their duties. The declarations in the register shall be made under the personal responsibility of the Member and must be updated every year. The Bureau may, from time to time, draw up a list of matters which it considers should be declared in the register. If after the appropriate request Members do not fulfil their obligation to submit a declaration under (a) and (b), the President shall remind them once again to submit the declaration within two months. If the declaration has not been submitted within the time limit, the names of the Members concerned together with an indication of the infringement shall be published in the minutes of the first day of each part-session after expiry of the time-limit. If the Members concerned continue to refuse to submit the declaration after the infringement has been published the President shall take action in accordance with Rule 153 to suspend them. Chairs of groupings of Members, both intergroups and other unofficial groupings of Members, shall be required to declare any support, whether in cash or kind (e.g. secretarial assistance), which