a policymaker; External role of the euro 22. Notes that the euro has undergone a successful phase of development towards a reserve and reference currency in worldwide use; points out that further steps are necessary in order to continue the positive development of cash usage of the euro (e.g. the billing of aerospace products and commodities in euro); 23. Repeats its request for moves to unify representation of the eurozone within international financial institutions so as to defend its interests with a force consistent with its economic weight; 24. Calls on the ECB to closely monitor developments in the use of the euro as a reserve currency for central banks and, in the context of its annual report on the international role of the euro, to quantify and analyse the effects of this, particularly as regards exchange rates; Democratic scrutiny 25. Considers, regarding the procedure for appointing the members of the Executive Board of the ECB, that ex ante democratic accountability and transparency would improve if the Council evaluated several potential candidates and if the candidate proposed by the Council were then subject to a vote of approval by the Parliament; stresses its willingness to join the other institutions in exploring possible improvements in the procedure of appointment before the Executive Board next comes up for renewal in 2010; 26. Emphasises that the credibility of the ECB is also dependent on a high degree of transparency in its decision-making process; therefore reiterates its call that, shortly after meetings of the Governing Council of the ECB, summary minutes of these meetings be published containing a clear statement of the arguments in favour and against the decisions taken and whether or not these decisions were taken unanimously; 27. Points out that it rejected as too complex the system of rotating voting rights applicable to decisions of the Governing Council as adopted in 2003; considers, with a view to future enlargements of the eurozone, that a system should be introduced which combines fairness and effectiveness; 28. Invites the ECB to give greater weight in its communication strategy to the hearings of its President by the Parliament committee responsible for economic and monetary affairs; 29. Asks the ECB to provide the European Parliament and the public with an annual summary of measures taken to improve its performance in line with this resolution; Five years of euro banknotes and coins 30. Notes that the value