and IPR. Trade-related assistance (TRA) aims precisely at bridging that gap. The proposed line has been largely defined according to the criteria included in the Doha Development Agenda Trade Capacity Database (TCBDB) and the Guidelines for European Commission Trade Related Assistance. It is intended to support 4 categories of actions: 1) Assistance for trade policy, participation in negotiations and implementation of trade agreements; 2) Assistance for trade development, that is, actions aiming at relieving supply side constraints which impact directly on developing countries' ability to exploit their international trading potential; 3) Assistance for Trade Adjustment, that is, actions designed to help developing countries' ability to mitigate the adjustment costs of trade liberalisation, and; 4) Assistance to support trade-related infrastructure But why a new budget line and why now? First and foremost, because the current Budget of the European Communities is itself ill-equipped to address properly the growing importance of trade-related aid. The EU can do more and, most importantly, can do better. In its current form, trade-related assistance is hardly visible, not transparent and difficult to mobilise. The EU is the main provider of trade-related assistance for developing countries. Before the launch of the Doha Round, the EU allocated around €700 million of assistance over five years (1996-2000). Since 2001, these figures have increased considerably. In Gleneagles, before the opening of the 2005 G8 Summit, José Manuel Durâo Barroso, President of the European Commission, pledged 1 billion Euro per year to support the trading capacity of developing countries. And yet, although substantial quantities are allocated to TRA, there is not budget line/s to rationalise the budgetary shape of such expenditure. According to the results of the most recent data-gathering exercise undertaken by AIDCO in June 2004, 126 trade related projects were committed in 2003. The financing for this kind of projects comes from a very large variety of lines and it is indeed difficult to get a clear picture of the activities and quantities involved. Most of the expenditure is linked to regional programs or country-specific lines. In national strategy papers, however, specific trade-related actions are not always easy to identify. Furthermore, and despite the fact that the EC is the largest TRA provider, the EC is constrained by heavy procedures whereas TRA requires sometimes quick reaction. The current budget is also ill-equipped for the financing of global programmes and initiatives on trade-related assistance, integration and adjustment carried out by