and 25 abstentions on water management and the creation of a European Water fund. Out of 6 billion people, 1.7 billion have no access to drinking water and more than 3 billion no access to sanitation. Nearly 30 000 people die each day of illnesses linked to a lack of drinking water or sanitation and whereas women and children and vulnerable populations in general are bearing the brunt of the negative impacts of the lack of action on water and sanitation. The resolution stresses that access to drinking water in a sufficient quantity and of a sufficient quality is a basic human right and says that national governments have a duty to carry out this obligation. Reasonable access to water means at least 20 litres per person per day from a clean source within a radius of 1 km. MEPs also emphasise that distribution of water should be looked upon as essentially a public service and hence organised so as to guarantee affordable access for all. The resolution also emphasises the importance of setting up joint water-management bodies in countries bordering the same basin, in order to create or strengthen a sense of solidarity that will help to ease tensions and resolve conflicts. As for the creation of a European Water Fund, the House takes the view that the establishment of a European Water Fund for the ACP countries in general and the African countries in particular is in itself a good initiative. The problem is serious in sub-Saharan Africa, where only 60% of the population has access to clean water sources. By proposing to establish a special fund for water for the ACP countries, the Commission is seeking, as it says itself, to set in motion a catalyst which will attract major funding from a number of sources, including private investors. The proposal is built around three main ideas: a financial contribution of 1bn euro, the establishment of an agency to manage the fund, and involvement of the private/public sectors and international financial institutions to carry out its objectives. Press enquiries: Armelle Douaud (Strasbourg) tel.(33) 3 881 74779 (Brussels) tel.(32-2) 28 43806 e-mail : deve-press@europarl.eu.int Trade and Development Luisa MORGANTINI (EUL/NGL, I) Report on the communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament on trade and development – assisting developing countries to benefit from trade ( COM(2002) 513 – 2002/2282(INI)) Doc.: A5-0277/2003 Procedure : Own-initiative Debate