of its Rules of Procedure, A. whereas access to health care is a right recognised in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and governments must meet their obligation to provide public health services to their entire population, B. whereas medicines cannot be treated as purely commercial products, C. whereas, with four years to go until the MDG deadline, the incidence of tuberculosis around the world remains a cause for concern, despite the progress made, D. whereas tuberculosis remains one of the main causes of death in the world, with nearly 2 million people dying as a result of the disease every year, E. whereas the MDGs also include reducing infant mortality and improving maternal health, F. whereas the TBVI, applied in the interests of tuberculosis sufferers worldwide – and particularly in the least advanced countries – should become part of the practical implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy, thereby enhancing the EU's strategic independence in the fight against tuberculosis and other contagious diseases, G. whereas the objective is still to invest 3% of GDP in research and development in spite of budgetary constraints ( COM(2010)2020 and COM(2010)0546 ), H. whereas tropical diseases such as malaria, tuberculosis and sleeping sickness kill millions of people each year, owing in particular to growing resistance to treatments, or in some cases to an absence of treatments as the result of research being discontinued for purely commercial reasons, I. whereas tuberculosis is a striking example of inequality between peoples – having been all but eradicated in industrialised countries, J. whereas tuberculosis is one of the major diseases involved in cases of co-infection with HIV/Aids, K. whereas insufficient research is currently being conducted into the most neglected diseases, which affect only people in developing countries, L. whereas the success of ‘vertical’ funds to tackle specific diseases such as Aids, malaria and tuberculosis must not mean a siphoning-off of resources from so-called ‘horizontal’ basic health care infrastructure, M. whereas the health services in most developing countries are far from able to meet the needs of local populations, N. whereas lack of access to health stems from difficulties in accessing both health care (owing to shortages of health care staff and facilities as well as a lack of public health care systems) and treatment, 1. Underlines the fact that only a vaccination programme involving a large-scale vaccination campaign could have a positive impact in terms of achieving MDG