13 September 1999 MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION further to the Commission statement pursuant to Rule 33 of the Rules of Procedure by Mr Cox on behalf of the ELDR Group on the investiture of the Millennium Commission Resolution on the investiture of the Millennium Commission The European Parliament, A. noting with great interest the willingness of the President-Designate of the Commission, Mr Romano Prodi, to negotiate a new accord with the European Parliament with respect to the individual responsibility of Commissioners and the attendance of Commissioners before Parliament, to strengthen the Commission’s commitment to initiate legislation following a request from Parliament, to engage upon a constructive dialogue with Parliament on administrative reform of the Commission, and to associate Parliament closely with the work of the IGC, 1. Asks the President-Designate of the Commission to confirm his commitment to this declaration; 2. Urges the President-Designate to accept that, where Parliament passes a vote of no confidence in an individual Commissioner according to a procedure to be defined along the lines of Rule 34 (Motion of Censure), the President shall request that the Commissioner resign; 3. Calls upon the President-Designate to work towards equal treatment of Parliament with the Council on the provision of documents, working materials and information; 4. Believes that the President-Designate, subject to due process, on the request of the President of Parliament or the Chairman of its Budgetary Control Committee, should provide Parliament with full access to all documents and officials relating to allegations of fraud; 5. Urges the President-Designate to initiate a culture of transparency throughout the Commission in the performance of all its duties; 6. Calls on the President-Designate to use his best endeavours to maximise Parliament’s role in the IGC; 7. Urges the President-Designate to commit the Commission to exploring jointly with Parliament the question of individual responsibility of Commissioners in the IGC; 8. Insists that the substantive points contained in this resolution be incorporated in the new formal accord between the Commission and Parliament by no later than the end of January 2000; 9. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Commission.