the applicant states before and after they join. It also drops a strong hint that more money will be needed for the farm budget after enlargement. The committee is concerned for farmers' livelihoods and insists that market regulation must continue. Farm-gate prices must not fall and there must be no cuts to intervention prices at present. Farmers' markets must be protected from outside competition if intervention schemes are converted into mere safety nets, as the Commission proposes. The same health and safety standards must be applied to imports as to EU products. In order to preserve and enhance the distinctive features and way of life of European farming, the committee wants to see the goals of the CAP clarified. They must be clearly defined as ensuring a fair income for farmers, keeping jobs on the land, protecting consumers and promoting health, animal welfare and environmental protection. Women must also have a full role in farming and rural development. Recognition of traditional local and regional quality produce is essential and must be promoted in international trade negotiations. The committee agrees that the payment of subsidies should be made subject to compliance with environment, food safety, health and animal welfare rules. It supports the farm audits proposed by the Commission but stresses that they must help farms, not burden them with red tape. This resolution will be tabled at Parliament's first November plenary session (in Brussels) to follow a question in the House to the Commission on its CAP Mid-Term Review. The Agriculture Committee - and then the full Parliament - will adopt its position, under the consultation procedure, on the Commission's substantive legislative proposals for CAP reform which are expected by the end of this year or early in 2003. 21.10.2002 Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development In the chair: Joseph DAUL (EPP-ED, F) Press enquiries: Mary Brazier - tel. (32-2) 28 42672 e-mail: agri-press@europarl.eu.int Boost for energy savings programme The Industry Committee gave its backing on Monday to "Intelligent Energy for Europe", an action programme which is to run from 2003 to 2006 and replace measures under the ALTENER, SAVE and SYNERGY programmes. However in the report by Eryl McNALLY (PES, UK) under the codecision, first reading, MEPs called for a number of changes to the Commission proposal. Firstly they want increased funding for the programmes. For ALTENER, SAVE and STEER, the committee proposes an extra €25 million compared to