concepts at Community level to the extent necessary for the proper functioning of the Internal Market and to meet the requirement of legal certainty. (5) This Directive therefore approximates the laws of the Member States on unfair commercial practices, including unfair advertising, which harm consumers' economic interests. It neither covers nor affects the national laws on unfair commercial practices which harm only competitors' economic interests or which relate to a transaction between traders, although activities not allowed under this Directive may be considered as unfair under competition rules as well. It does not affect the provisions of Directive 84/450/EEC on advertising which misleads business but which is not misleading for consumers and on comparative advertising. Neither does it affect accepted advertising and marketing practices such as product placement, brand differentiation or the offering of incentives which may legitimately affect consumers" perceptions of products and influence their behaviour without impairing the consumer's ability to make an informed decision. This Directive addresses commercial practices directly related to influencing consumers' transactional decisions in relation to products. It does not address commercial practices carried out primarily for other purposes, including for example commercial communication aimed at investors, such as annual reports and corporate promotional literature. (6) This Directive is without prejudice to individual actions brought by those who have been harmed by an unfair commercial practice. It is also without prejudice to Community and national rules on contract law, intellectual property rights, rules relating to the health and safety aspects of products and to Community competition rules and the national provisions implementing them. (7) It is necessary to ensure that the relationship between this Directive and existing Community law is coherent, particularly where detailed provisions on unfair commercial practices apply to specific sectors. This Directive therefore amends Directive 84/450/EEC, Directive 97/7/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 1997 on the protection of consumers in respect of distance contracts OJ L 144, 4.6.1997, p. 19. Directive as amended by Directive 2002/65/EC (OJ L 271, 9.10.2002, p. 16). and Directive 98/27/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 May 1998 on injunctions for the protection of consumers" interests OJ L 166, 11.6.1998, p. 51. Directive as last amended by Directive 2002/65/EC. . This Directive accordingly applies only in so far as there are no specific Community law provisions regulating specific aspects of unfair commercial practices, such as information