Answer given by Mr Barnier on behalf of the Commission (17 November 2011) 1. The patent referred to by the Honourable Member was granted by the European Patent Office (EPO) which is an independent intergovernmental organisation. The EPO grants European patents for the Contracting States to the European Patent Convention (referred to herein as ‘EPC’). It should be highlighted that the European Union is not a party to the EPC. However the practice of the EPO in this area is influenced in large part by Directive 98/44 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 July 1998 on the legal protection of biotechnological inventions (hereafter referred to as the ‘Biotechnology Directive’). Key provisions of this directive have been copied into the Implementing Regulations to EPC. The Commission understands that the patent in question has been granted on 4 May 2011. This implies that until 4 February 2012 it may be centrally opposed by third parties at the EPO, if they believe that the patent should not have been granted. 2. The European Union is Contracting Party to the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture (ITPGRFA) to which it adhered further to Council Decision 2004/869/EC. The objectives of this Treaty are the conservation and sustainable use of plant genetic resources for food and agriculture and the fair and equitable sharing of benefits arising from their use. This treaty acknowledges and respects intellectual property rights (IPRs) and contains provisions relating to IPRs which make it clear that the ITPGRFA is to be interpreted so as to acknowledge the rights of IP owners recognised in international law. 3. Concerning the patentability of biotechnological inventions the national patent laws of the Member States are harmonised by the Biotechnology Directive. The provisions of the Biotechnology Directive distinguish between inventions relating to plant and animal material which is patentable, if it is isolated from its natural environment or produced by means of a technical process, and plant and animal varieties which are not. Inventions concerning plants or animals are patentable, however, if the invention is not confined to a particular plant or animal variety. Therefore, on the basis of the Biotechnology Directive, the patenting of plant material as such does not necessarily create an instance of ‘patent misuse’. The Commission is aware that the patenting of plant related inventions is a sensitive issue and that patent applications in this field