submitted by the Council pursuant to Articles 133 and 181 in conjunction with the second subparagraph of Article 300(3) of the EC Treaty ( C6-0064/2009 ), – having regard to Rules 75 and 83(7) of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the recommendation of the Committee on International Trade and the opinion of the Committee on Development ( A6-0144/2009 ), 1. Gives its assent to the conclusion of the agreement; 2. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council, the Commission and the governments and parliaments of the Member States and Côte d'Ivoire. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Côte d'Ivoire agreed a stepping-stone EPA with the EU in December 2007. The agreement was put in place to prevent disruption to its exports to the EU after the trade provisions of the Cotonou Agreement expired at the end of that month. The current stepping-stone Agreement is primarily a goods- only Agreement which nevertheless covers some other topics, like cooperation and certain commitments in the field of a) custom and trade facilitation, b) technical barrier to trade, c) sanitary and phyotosanitary measures. Article 36 reaffirms the rights and obligations taken within the WTO; in addition rights and obligation resulting from the International Plant Protection Convention (IPPC), the Codex Alimentarius and the World Animal Health Organization (OIE) are reaffirmed. As a result of the stepping-stone Agreement, the main exports of Côte d'Ivoire still enjoy preferential access to EU markets. The stepping-stone EPA represent a temporary solution while negotiations for a final EPA covering the entire West African region are ongoing. The final EPA will entirely replace these interim (stepping-stone) Agreements. Negotiation for a final EPA covering the West African region (Benin, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea Bissau, Côte d'Ivoire, Liberia, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Togo) are ongoing. The objective of the EU and West Africa in these negotiations is to conclude an agreement at regional level, which supports development and fosters regional integration. As the rest of the West African region, with the exception of Cape Verde and Nigeria, is made up of Least Developed Countries, they have duty free access to the EU under the Everything But Arms (EBA) scheme while negotiations for a final EPA continue. All imports from Côte d'Ivoire have entered the EU duty and quota free since the 1 st of January 2008 (other than transition periods until 2010 for rice