scheduled time of departure, an air carrier or tour operator cancels or expects to cancel a flight, it shall make every effort to contact the passengers affected and to agree with them the conditions under which they accept to surrender their confirmed reservations. At the very least the passengers shall be offered a choice between: Justification The term 'reasonably' is too vague and open to too great an interpretation. Amendment 17 Article 11 (1) 1. When an air carrier or tour operator reasonably expects a flight to be delayed beyond its scheduled time of departure for two hours or more in the case of flights of less than 3,500 kilometres or for four hours or more in the case of flights of 3,500 kilometres or more, passengers shall be offered the assistance offered in the case of denied boarding as specified in Article 8. 1. When an air carrier or tour operator expects a flight to be delayed beyond its scheduled time of departure for two hours or more in the case of flights of less than 3,500 kilometres or for four hours or more in the case of flights of 3,500 kilometres or more, passengers shall be offered the assistance offered in the case of denied boarding as specified in Article 8. Justification See Amendment 16. Amendment 18 Article 11, paragraph 2 2. When an air carrier or tour operator reasonably expects a flight to be delayed for two hours or more beyond its scheduled time of departure, it shall immediately offer the assistance offered in the case of denied boarding as specified in Article 9 to a disabled passenger and any accompanying person, to a passenger whose mobility is otherwise reduced or to an unaccompanied child, as well as any other assistance reasonably required to meet the special needs of such passengers. 2. When an air carrier or tour operator reasonably expects a flight to be delayed for two hours or more beyond its scheduled time of departure, it shall immediately offer the assistance offered in the case of denied boarding as specified in Article 9 to a disabled passenger and any accompanying person or certified service dog , to a passenger whose mobility is otherwise reduced or to an unaccompanied child, as well as any other assistance reasonably required to meet the special needs of such passengers. Justification A number of disabled persons rely on a certified