Answer given by Baroness Ashton on behalf of the Commission (25 September 2009) It is important to note that the EC legislation concerning the authorisation and marketing of GMOs has never been challenged as such in the World Trade Organisation (WTO). The cases brought in the WTO by Argentina, Canada and the United States (US) in 2003 (European Communities- Measures Affecting the Approval and Marketing of Biotech Products) challenged the way EC legislation was actually being applied. More particularly, the complaint by these WTO Members focused on the existence of a de facto moratorium on authorisations and alleged undue delays in the authorisation procedure. According to the final settlement signed by the EC and Canada on 15 July 2009 in the WTO dispute brought by Canada against the EC, Canada renounces its rights as a Party in this dispute. This means that Canada commits not to take any further steps in this dispute under the WTO Dispute Settlement Understanding (DSU), notably those aiming at the imposition of sanctions against the EC. Under the settlement, Canada and the EC commit to engage in a bilateral dialogue on biotechnology issues of mutual interest. This dialogue is aimed at an exchange of information that would contribute to avoiding unnecessary obstacles to trade. The EU is not expected to modify its current regulatory regime on biotech products, which was never in itself subject to WTO challenge. Concerning the case brought by Argentina, Argentina agreed for the eight consecutive time to further extend the reasonable period of time allowed under the DSU to implement the recommendations of a Panel. This period extends to 31 December 2009. Argentina, therefore, has committed not to take any action in its case against the EC before that date. The EC and Argentina continue to be engaged in constructive discussions on issues related to biotechnology and the Commission hopes this constructive approach will eventually lead to a resolution to this dispute. The US made a general retaliation request on 17 January 2008. However, the EC and the US reached a procedural agreement according to which they suspended the arbitration proceedings leading to the determination of the level of sanctions, in order to allow technical discussions on issues related to biotechnology to continue. Those procedures can only be resumed following the examination of compliance by the EC with the panel report, through an arbitration procedure. The procedures allowing the imposition of