(g) "carrier" means a natural or legal person, other than a tour operator , travel agent or ticket vendor , offering regular or occasional services to the general public; Justification The definition of carrier should be different from that of travel agent. Amendment 21 Council position – amending act Article 3 - point k Council position Amendment (k) "tour operator" means an organiser or retailer , other than the carrier, within the meaning of Article 2(2) and (3) of Directive 90/314/EEC; (k) "tour operator" means an organiser, other than a carrier, within the meaning of Article 2(2) of Directive 90/314/EEC; Justification The reference to Article 2(3) means that the definition of 'tour operator' encompasses retailers. However, retailers are already covered through the definitions of 'travel agent' and 'ticket vendor'. With a view to clarifying the division of responsibilities, the reference to Article 2(3) of the package travel directive should therefore be deleted. Amendment 22 Council position – amending act Article 7 Council position Amendment Death or personal injury to passengers and loss of or damage to luggage Liability for death and injury of passengers 1. Passengers shall, in accordance with applicable national law, be entitled to compensation for death or personal injury as well as to loss of or damage to luggage due to accidents arising out of the use of the bus or coach. In case of death of a passenger, this right shall as a minimum apply to persons whom the passenger had, or would have had, a legal duty to maintain. 1. In accordance with this Chapter, carriers shall be liable for the loss or damage resulting from the death of, or personal injury to, passengers, caused by accidents arising out of the operation of bus and coach transport services and occurring while the passenger is in, entering or leaving the vehicle. 2. The amount of compensation shall be calculated in accordance with applicable national law. Any maximum limit provided by national law to the compensation for death and personal injury or loss of or damage to luggage shall on each distinct occasion not be less than: 2. The non-contrac t ual liability of carriers for damages shall not be subject to any financial limit, be it defined by law, convention or contract. (a) EUR 220 000 per passenger; (b) with regard to urban, suburban and regional regular or occasional services EUR 500 per item of luggage