the fight to protect freedom of thought and expression against intolerance, fanaticism and hatred. Relations with Russia MEPs called on the EU to review its policy towards Russia in the light of the Russian-Georgian conflict in 2008. Moreover, on several occasions they expressed their serious concerns as regards the respect for human rights in Russia. Despite better EU-China relations, critics of human rights abuses Despite its cautious optimism over the improvement of EU-China relations, the EP remained critical of China's human rights record as well as its repression of demonstrations in Tibet. Parliament awarded the 2008 Sakharov Prize to Chinese dissident and human rights activist Hu Jia. Middle East conflict: MEPs in favour of the two-State solution The EP repeatedly argued that the two-state solution, with an Israeli and a Palestinian state living side-by-side in peace and security, is a key condition for a peaceful and lasting settlement in the Middle East. Guantánamo Bay: EP called on the US to close its detention facility MEPs welcomed the decision by President Barack Obama to close the detention centre at Guantánamo Bay in Cuba. During this legislative period, the EP called repeatedly on the US Administration to close this facility. MEPs also called on the Member States to be prepared to accept Guantánamo inmates in the EU in case the US asks so. Co-operation with the Mediterranean partners Parliament supported the launching of the Union for the Mediterranean, to improve cooperation with the EU's southern neighbours. MEPs expressed concern for human rights and the situation of women in the region. EP's support to Ukraine's path towards democracy Shortly after the rigged presidential elections, in 2004, the EP supported the so-called Orange Revolution. In 2007 it supported the EU's association agreement with Ukraine, which could open the possibility of Ukraine eventually becoming a Member State of the European Union. EP response to natural disasters around the world In response to various natural disasters such as the cyclone in Burma, the earthquake in China and the tsunami in South East Asia, the EP provided financial support to reconstruction and expressed solidarity to the victims. Money for external actions With the adoption of the framework budget for the period 2007 - 2013, Parliament assigned 49,46bn euros to external actions, including development policy. Parliament managed to raise the amount by 1bn euros in comparison to the Council's proposal. Election observation teams The European Parliament has sent