States virtually never request preliminary rulings pursuant to Article 234 of the EC Treaty, and repeats its call to the Commission to investigate the reasons for this and report on them to Parliament; 18. Notes with concern that inadequate familiarity with Community law on the part of members of national judiciaries and lawyers seriously hinders full application of Community law; 19. Welcomes initiatives to facilitate out-of-court settlement of disputes such as the European Extra-Judicial Network and the Financial Services complaints Network; calls on the Commission to carefully monitor the progress of these bodies and report its results to the European Parliament as this process will constitute another helpful indicator of the application of Community rules and access to justice; 20. In this connection warmly welcomes recent further development of the SOLVIT network; notes that generalised access for MEPs is now possible and that this should be made available on a systematic basis to all MEPs and their assistants; calls on the Commission and Member States to promote it widely to potential users and to devote adequate resources to ensure that it can deal with an increase in the case flow;21. Encourages reflection on how the role of national and regional Ombudsmen in monitoring the application of Community Law might be developed; 22. Notes with concern that recent case law concerning individual applicants’ right to institute proceedings before the Court of Justice fails to provide uniform interpretation and application of Community law, and regrets that even the Draft Constitution takes only timid steps towards improving the situation in this regard; 23. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Commission, the Council, the Court of Justice, the Ombudsman, and to the Parliaments of the Member States. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT The annual reports on monitoring the application of Community law are a snapshot of compliance with Community law. The annual report for 2002 indicates the continuing worthy efforts of the Commission to monitor effectively the conduct of the states in transposing and implementing Community Law across all its competences. The Commission's performance is satisfactory on the whole, but the tasks involved are now almost at the point of expanding to cover the ten new Member States. This will doubtless occasion new problems, as the part of the current Report dealing with Enlargement already foreshadows. Reports in this series provide the only synoptic monitoring device concerning the robustness of the Rule of Law