in fact very difficult to see what happens to the rest of the region. 11. The rapporteur asks the Commission to present a table summarising the development of different activities and programmes over the current financial perspective. It is clear that some redeployment is taking place and it is important, in the coming months, to establish if any type of internal cuts could be acceptable ? The rapporteur asks the Commission to motivate in detail its proposals in this field. 12. For Latin America the Commission proposes a total of EUR € 320 million which is below last year's amounts by EUR 9.4 million (-3%). The Commission in fact reverts to its original programming. The Commission motivates the decrease by saying that this level is still higher than what was given some years ago but excluding assistance for Hurricane Mitch (programme finished in 2003). 13. As concerns the thematic actions, the PDB proposes a significant decrease for the Human Rights programme which would fall back to a level of EUR 77.5 million (-27 million compared to 2005). The Commission motivates with two factors: the level is consistent with co-decided legal bases (this merits some examination as, previously, only part of the envelope has been co-decided) and the fact that human rights is more and more mainstreamed into geographical actions. It could be considered whether the Parliament could use the 2006 budget as a bridge to the new financial programming period and carefully evaluate these amounts, also in light of previous years. 14. For Common Foreign and Security Policy (CFSP) the PDB allocates € EUR 62.6 million which is identical to the agreement between Parliament and Council for the 2005 budget. According to the terms of the IIA, the level budgeted for the CFSP shall include a "reasonable margin" for unforeseen actions par. 39, Interinstitutional Agreement of 6 May 1999. . However, in the PDB this portion (line 19 03 04 on Emergency measures) has been reduced to EUR 3 million (from EUR 12 million last year) and now represents 4.7% of the total. The lines on Non-proliferation and Conflict resolution have instead increased considerably to take up the liberated amount. Policy Area 21 - Development and relations with ACP states 15. At first sight the proposed overall reduction of -1.8 % or -EUR 18.5 million might seem difficult if not impossible to explain in a climate of humanitarian, food and