States shall consider factors such as a common child, previous cohabitation, registration of the partnership and any other reliable means of proof. Justification Amendment 38 Article 5, paragraph 4 4. The competent authorities of the Member State shall give the applicant /family member(s) written notification of the decision as soon as possible and in any event no later than nine months from the date on which the application was lodged. 4. After considering the application the competent authorities of the Member State shall give the applicant written notification of the decision, which must be taken within a maximum period of six months. Reasons shall be given for any decision rejecting the application. In exceptional circumstances linked to the complexity of the examination of the application, the time limit referred to in the first subparagraph may be extended, but shall in no case exceed twelve months . Reasons shall be given for the decision rejecting the application. The consequences of no decision being taken by the end of the period provided for in the first subparagraph shall be determined by the national legislation of the relevant Member State. Justification If the applicant is to enjoy legal certainty, his/her application must be dealt with within six months at most. Should that application be rejected, reasons must be given so as to enable the applicant to appeal against the decision. A period of six months is more than sufficient time for the administrative authorities of the Member State concerned to adopt a decision in response to the application. Amendment 39 Article 5, paragraph 4, second subparagraph In exceptional circumstances linked to the complexity of the examination of the application, the time limit referred to in the first subparagraph may be extended, but shall in no case exceed twelve months. In exceptional circumstances linked to the complexity of the examination of the application, the time limit referred to in the first subparagraph may be extended, but shall in no case exceed nine months. Justification Same as for the previous amendment, allowing for the necessary changes. Amendment 40 Article 6, title Article 6 Article 6 Public order, domestic security and public health Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 41 Article 6, paragraph 1 Does not affect the English version. Justification Amendment 42 Article 6, paragraph 2 2. Member States may withdraw or refuse to renew a family member 's residence