the precautionary principle, before such particles go into production and are put on the market; 29. Considers that, within the framework of the new Community legislation concerning the registration, evaluation, authorisation and restriction of chemicals (REACH), nanoforms of existing materials should be treated as new substances, because of their unique properties; in particular, the question of whether the threshold levels for production and import laid down within that framework are also adequate for nanoparticles should be investigated; 30. Calls on the Commission to pay special attention to the development of nanosciences and nanotechnologies in the new Member States, by providing them with the means to define research profiles of their own, while at the same time further enhancing the cutting-edge position of the main European locations with a view to creating a leading global role for Europe; 31. Stresses the importance of international cooperation in the field of nanosciences and nanotechnologies; calls on the Commission to intensify further the already excellent relations with Russian scientists in particular and to investigate the possibilities and limitations of cooperation in this area with the USA, Japan, China and India; asks the Commission to enhance international cooperation with a view to harmonising nanosciences and nanotechnologies patent application processing between the EU, the USA and Japan; stresses that dialogue should be intensified in compliance with the WTO obligations; 32. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council and Commission, and to the governments and parliaments of the Member States. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Introduction Nanotechnology is the manipulation or self-assembly of individual atoms, molecules, or molecular clusters into structures to create materials and devices with new or vastly different properties. The prefix 'nano' comes from a Greek word for 'gnome' or 'dwarf'. In more technical terms, nano equals a billionth and therefore a nanometre is one billionth of a meter. To illustrate this, 1 nanometre is about 1/80,000 of a human hair, a virus is approximately 100 nanometres in size, and one paper-sheet is 100.000 nm thick. At that miniature scale, components and structures exhibit revolutionary new physical, chemical and biological characteristics. For example: materials from carbon nanotubes are 100 time stronger than steel, but 6 time lighter; silver nanoparticles on the surfaces of refrigerators, air conditioners and laundry machines act as antibacterial and antifungal agents; the biomedical field is manufacturing artificial bone composites stronger than stainless steel. Other novel products based on nanosciences are: