the remarks to be entered against the budget heading in question. All draft amendments to the draft budget must be justified in writing. 3. The President shall set the time limit for the tabling of draft amendments. 4. The committee responsible shall deliver its opinion on the texts submitted before they are discussed in Parliament. Draft amendments which have been rejected in the committee responsible shall not be put to the vote in Parliament unless this has been requested in writing, before a deadline to be set by the President, by a committee or at least 40 Members; that deadline may on no account be less than 24 hours before the start of the vote. 5. Draft amendments to the estimates of Parliament which are similar to those already rejected by Parliament at the time when the estimates were drawn up shall be discussed only where the committee responsible has delivered a favourable opinion. 6. Notwithstanding Rule 55(2), Parliament shall take separate and successive votes on: - each draft amendment, - each section of the draft budget, - a motion for a resolution concerning the draft budget. However, Rule 161(4) to (8) shall apply. 7. Articles, chapters, titles and sections of the draft budget in respect of which no draft amendments have been tabled shall be deemed adopted. 8. Draft amendments shall require for adoption the votes of a majority of the component Members of Parliament. 9. If Parliament has amended the draft budget, the draft budget thus amended shall be forwarded to the Council and the Commission, together with the justifications. 10. The minutes of the sitting at which Parliament delivered its opinion on the draft budget shall be forwarded to the Council and the Commission. Rule 75c Financial trilogue The President shall participate in regular meetings between the Presidents of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission convened, on the initiative of the Commission, under the budgetary procedures referred to in Title II of Part Six of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. The President shall take all necessary steps to promote consultation and reconciliation of the positions of the institutions in order to facilitate the implementation of the procedures aforementioned. The President of Parliament may delegate this task to a Vice-President having experience in budgetary matters or to the Chair of the committee responsible for budgetary issues. Rule 75d Budgetary conciliation 1. The