another much more justified fear has emerged, namely of bureaucratic standardisation and the possibility that the structure of qualifications, curriculum planning, or the recognition of merit might be made subject to fixed uniform criteria. These views should be weighed up because the need for convergence must not reduce diversity or hamper the development of distinctive academic or scientific models. To alleviate some of these difficulties, this report is proposing that the Bologna Process should continue to be strongly supported but the system made more flexible in order to allow for the diversity of European degree and diploma systems. Harmonisation must be able to encompass the different branches of science (medicine, social sciences and law, the various types of engineering and applied arts, etc.), which involve particular subject combinations, are based on their own reasoning, and meet specific needs. If diversity is considered to be a European asset, we shall have to establish multifaceted contact systems that recognise the value added which distinguishing nuances provide. In this way, the autonomy of universities and the needs specific to the different degrees and diplomas and scientific and teaching careers could be exercised and met more easily within a freer and more open system. One point that should be made in this connection is that public and private universities need to exist side by side. Both have managed to coexist throughout the history of European education and at present can be regarded as complementary, since private education can open up new fronts and tackle fields not invariably within reach of those bound by public sector rules. Be that as it may, Parliament will always defend the academic freedom of universities. 5. Conclusion If we wish European universities to be competitive and respond to the incipient needs of the ‘knowledge-based Europe’, the foundations of a European higher education area have to be laid under an institutionally oriented policy . To date, for reasons connected with legislative responsibilities, universities have not been considered a matter of paramount importance. Specific policies and programmes have been implemented to help teachers do their job and encourage research and researcher mobility. That notwithstanding, Europe must treat universities as public institutions. As part of the institutionally oriented policy, this report sets particular store by the need to draw up a green paper on the European higher education area, which, adopting a comprehensive approach, should examine and discuss the current position of