will be responsible for certification of the system and its components. Amendment 3 Recital 11 (11) Following the dissolution of the Joint Undertaking (on completion of the development phase), the Joint Undertaking will transfer to the Supervisory Authority ownership of the entire satellite radionavigation system (EGNOS and Galileo), including whatever may have been developed by the concessionaire during the deployment phase ; this is justified on the grounds that the programme definition and development phases have been financed entirely from public funds and all the components thus developed will be placed at the disposal of the concessionaire ; it also represents a quid pro quo for the fact that a major part of the deployment phase would have to be financed from Community appropriations . (11) Following the dissolution of the Joint Undertaking (on completion of the development phase), the Supervisory Authority will become the owner of the entire satellite radionavigation system (EGNOS and Galileo), since the programme definition and development phases have been financed entirely from public funds. Everything that has been developed by the concessionaire during the deployment phase will also become the property of the Supervisory Authority, since it was substantially financed from Community funds. All the components of the satellite navigation system will be placed at the disposal of the concessionaire. Amendment 4 Recital 14 (14) Provision needs to be made for the possible creation of a Scientific and Technical Committee to be responsible for research and expert valuation tasks. (14) Provision needs to be made for the possible creation of a Scientific and Technical Committee to be responsible for research and expert valuation tasks. The constructive work of the Signal Task Force should be essentially incorporated into this committee. Amendment 5 Recital 15a (new) (15a) Procedures whereby office-holders are appointed must be transparent. Amendment 6 Article 2, indent 1 – It shall act as a licensing authority vis-à-vis the private concessionaire responsible for implementing and managing the programme deployment and operating phases; under this head, it shall conclude with the latter the concession contract ; it shall ensure that the concessionaire complies with the concession contract and the specifications annexed thereto; it shall grant the concessionaire the right to use the tangible and intangible assets referred to in paragraph 1 of Article 3 for the duration of the concession. – It shall act as a licensing authority vis-à-vis the private concessionaire responsible for implementing and