2000 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data by the Community institutions and bodies and on the free movement of such data OJ L 8, 12.1.2001, p. 1. apply in the context of this Regulation. (11) The enforcement challenges that exist go beyond the frontiers of the European Union and the interests of European consumers need to be protected from rogue traders based in third countries. Hence, there is a need for international agreements with third countries regarding mutual assistance in the enforcement of the laws that protect consumers" interests to be negotiated. These international agreements should be negotiated at Community level in the areas covered by this Regulation in order to ensure the optimum protection of European consumers and the smooth functioning of enforcement cooperation with third countries. (12) It is appropriate to co-ordinate at Community level the enforcement activities of the Member States in respect of intra-Community infringements in order to improve the application of this Regulation and contribute to raising the standard and consistency of enforcement . (13) It is appropriate to co-ordinate at Community level the administrative cooperation activities of the Member States, in respect of their intra-Community dimension, in order to contribute to improving the application of consumer protection laws, and this role has already been demonstrated in the establishment of the European extra-judicial network. (14) Where the co-ordination of the activities of the Member States under this Regulation entails Community financial support, the decision to grant such support shall be taken in accordance with the procedures set out in Decision No 20/2004/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 December 2003 establishing a general framework for financing Community actions in support of consumer policy for the years 2004-2007 OJ L 5, 9.1.2004, p. 1. Decision as last amended by Decision No 786/2004/EC (OJ L 138, 30.4.2004, p. 7). , in particular Actions 5 and 10 set out in the Annex to that Decision and successor Decisions. (15) Consumer organisations play an essential role in terms of consumer information and education and in the protection of consumer interests, including in the settlement of disputes, and should be encouraged to co-operate with competent authorities to enhance the application of this Regulation. (16) The measures necessary for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the