Answer given by Mr van den Broek on behalf of the Commission (9 April 1999) 1. A document drawn up late last year on the simplification, consolidation and rationalisation of contracting procedures is currently being discussed by experts from the Member States. It will be adopted in accordance with the division of powers between the Council and the Commission and the usual procedures. It will permit uniform contracting procedures to be phased in for all external aid programmes. 2. The new standard contracts and simplified methods to speed up payments are now being finalised. Given the legal complexity of the work to be carried out and the great number of contracts to be rationalised, work will be spread across this year and the beginning of next year. The new contracts for use by the external relations directorates-general and the terms of reference for invitations to tender (general conditions) will be completely overhauled and modernised by the summer of next year. Next year should see a significant improvement in payment procedures for all new contracts, but progress should begin to become apparent this year as work advances in the sectors already rationalised. The Commission would point out that last year, pending this future harmonisation effort, it made a special effort to improve the processing of Phare and Tacis invoices, improving matters considerably. The situation should increasingly return to normal over the months ahead. The Commission would refer the Honourable Member to its answers to his written question E-3236/98 and Mr Cassidy's written question E-3500/98 OJ C 320, 6.11.1999, p. 51 . . 3. The rate of interest applicable in case of late payments by the Commission is calculated by reference to the rate applied to recovery of debts (Article 94 of the Commission Regulation (Euratom, ECSC, EC) No 3418/93 of 9 December 1993 laying down detailed rules for the implementation of certain provisions of the Financial Regulation of 21 December 1997 OJ L 315, 16.12.1993 . ). This harmonised treatment of all the Community contracts ensures an equal treatment of debts within the Community. The differences of rates applicable to commercial debts should be abolished by the forthcoming late payments directive COM(98) 126 final. .