the Ombudsman dismissed with a request for a ruling to be given without delay. Resignation by the Ombudsman shall terminate the procedure. TITLE X PARLIAMENT'S SECRETARIAT Rule 207 Secretariat 1. Parliament shall be assisted by a Secretary-General appointed by the Bureau. The Secretary-General shall give a solemn undertaking before the Bureau to perform his duties conscientiously and with absolute impartiality. 2. The Secretary-General shall head a Secretariat the composition and organisation of which shall be determined by the Bureau. 3. The Bureau shall decide on the establishment plan of the Secretariat and lay down regulations relating to the administrative and financial situation of officials and other servants. The Bureau shall also decide on the categories of officials and other servants to which Articles 11 to 13 of the Protocol on the Privileges and Immunities of the European Union are to apply wholly or in part. The President of Parliament shall inform the appropriate institutions of the European Union accordingly. TITLE XI POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES RELATING TO POLITICAL PARTIES AT EUROPEAN LEVEL Rule 208 Powers and responsibilities of the President The President shall represent Parliament in its relations with political parties at European level, in accordance with Rule 20(4). Rule 209 Powers and responsibilities of the Bureau 1. The Bureau shall take a decision on any application for funding submitted by a political party at European level and on the distribution of appropriations amongst the beneficiary political parties. It shall draw up a list of the beneficiaries and of the amounts allocated. 2. The Bureau shall decide whether to suspend or reduce funding and whether to recover amounts which have been wrongly paid. 3. After the end of the budget year the Bureau shall approve the beneficiary political parties' final activity reports and final financial statements. 4. Under the terms and conditions laid down in Regulation (EC) No 2004/2003 of the European Parliament and of the Council the Bureau may grant technical assistance to political parties at European level in accordance with their proposals. The Bureau may delegate specific types of decisions to grant technical assistance to the Secretary-General. 5. In all the cases set out in paragraphs 1 to 4 the Bureau shall act on the basis of a proposal from the Secretary-General. Except in the cases set out in paragraphs 1 and 4 the Bureau shall, before taking a decision, hear the representatives of the political party concerned. The