, as appropriate); – Name of item (Name of the equipment if listed in Annex IV and category set out in Annex III); – Identification Number of the item (type no.) where applicable; – Identification Number of the item (type no.) where applicable; – Year of Production (if available); – Year of Production (if available); – Name and address of the company responsible for evidence of functionality; – Name and address of the company responsible for evidence of functionality; – Result of tests as described in step 1 (including date of the functionality test); – Result of tests as described in step 1 (including date of the functionality test); – Kind of tests performed. – Kind of tests performed. 4. In addition to the documentation requested in points 1 and 3, every load (e. g. shipping container, lorry) of used EEE shall be accompanied by: 4. In addition to the documentation requested in points 1 and 3, every load (e. g. shipping container, lorry) of used EEE shall be accompanied by: a) a relevant transport document, e.g. CMR or waybill. a) a relevant transport document, e.g. CMR or waybill. b) a declaration of the liable person on its responsibility. b) a declaration of the liable person on its responsibility. 5. In the absence of proof that an object is used EEE and not WEEE through the appropriate documentation required in points 1, 3 and 4 and of appropriate protection against damage during transportation, loading and unloading in particular through sufficient packaging or appropriate stacking of the load, Member State authorities shall consider that an item is WEEE and presume that the load comprises an illegal shipment. In these circumstances the load will be dealt with in accordance with Articles 24 and 25 of Regulation (EC) No 1013/2006. 5. In the absence of proof that an object is used EEE and not WEEE through the appropriate documentation required in points 1, 2, 3 and 4 and of appropriate protection against damage during transportation, loading and unloading in particular through sufficient packaging or appropriate stacking of the load, which it is the responsibility of the holder of an appliance intended for shipment to provide in each case, Member State authorities shall consider that an item is WEEE and presume that the load comprises an illegal shipment. In these circumstances the load will be dealt with in accordance with Articles 24 and 25