Question for oral answer O-000152/2011 to the Commission Rule 115 Roberta Angelilli , Gianni Pittella , Niccolò Rinaldi , Francesco Enrico Speroni , David-Maria Sassoli , Carlo Casini , Mario Mauro , Salvatore Iacolino , Licia Ronzulli , Clemente Mastella , Antonello Antinoro , Salvatore Tatarella , Raffaele Baldassarre , Giovanni La Via , Amalia Sartori , Pier Antonio Panzeri , Gabriele Albertini , Mario Pirillo , Marco Scurria , Antonio Cancian , Vittorio Prodi , Mara Bizzotto , Potito Salatto , Sergio Berlato , Elisabetta Gardini , Giommaria Uggias , Alfredo Pallone , Paolo Bartolozzi , Sergio Paolo Frances Silvestris , Salvatore Caronna , Rosario Crocetta , Guido Milana , Barbara Matera , Iva Zanicchi , Erminia Mazzoni , Silvia Costa , Vincenzo Iovine , Lara Comi , Alfredo Antoniozzi , Oreste Rossi , Carlo Fidanza Subject: Humanitarian emergency - shipwrecked and missing people and victims of criminal networks In recent weeks, there has been an increase in the number of shipwrecked migrants, with hundreds of people dead and missing, in the Mediterranean Sea. These are people who are victims of human trafficking and the exploitation of illegal immigration; they may also be potential asylum seekers fleeing conflict or persecution. This succession of tragedies has, unfortunately, not yet been met with coordinated and effective action by the EU and it is likely that these events will continue on an almost daily basis, amidst growing indifference. Can the Commission therefore answer the following questions: 1. How does it intend to step up maritime surveillance of the North African coasts to combat trafficking in human beings effectively and what role will it ask individual Member States to play in support of Frontex's activities? 2. Does it intend, together with Europol and the Member States, to develop more stringent operational measures in order to identify the human trafficking chains in the Mediterranean, in addition to the – albeit useful – analysis of European trends? 3. How does it intend to strengthen partnership agreements with North African countries by implementing effective measures to prevent illegal migration? 4. Will it provide for adequate funding for the social and economic development of North African countries under the next EU financial programme and will that funding be allocated on the basis of rewards for 'virtuous' third countries? 5. Will the camps for refugees and displaced persons be upgraded and extended, in agreement with the authorities of