illustrate the gap: road fatalities vary from 60 to 70 per million inhabitants per year in the best performing Member States (UK, Sweden, Netherlands) to around 200 per million inhabitants per year in the worst performing (Portugal, Greece, Spain). Wearing seat belts is one effective measure for reducing fatalities in road traffic (research and practical experience in Europe has shown that lowering blood alcohol limits and reducing speed are also very effective). It is to be welcomed that the Commission in their proposal already widened the scope of Directive 91/671/EEC in order to render the wearing of seat belts compulsory, when available, also in other categories of vehicles (M2 and M3 – small and big buses – N2 and N3 – small and medium-sized lorries) in which people are transported. The rapporteur therefore stresses the importance of all responsible bodies at all levels in Member States urging that safety belts be made available in school buses and school taxis. The time that has elapsed between Parliament's first reading and the Council's common position being adopted as well as the content itself of the common position reflect perfectly the difficulties for national delegations involved in the negotiations in coming to a common denominator which strikes a good balance between binding roles and the space left for Member States to cope in their own way with specific situations, in other words, subsidiarity. Parliament's amendments Parliament had proposed six amendments: 1. Some of these have been incorporated by the Council in its common position . This applies to Amendments 2 and 3 proposing that a child's height (150 cm) should be regarded as the decisive criterion for using or not using a safety belt intended for adults in vehicle categories M1 (private cars for no more than eight passengers + driver) and N1 (vans of not more than 3.5 tonnes). The Council's common position has incorporated this principle and also expanded it with an additional clause stipulating that this provision must also apply to children over the age of 12 who are shorter than 150 cm. This category was not covered by Parliament's Amendments 2 and 3. It should, however, be pointed out that it remains possible for Member States to set a lower limit of 135 cm. This may be seen as a watering-down of Parliament's amendments to the regret of the rapporteur but, since some uncertainty still surrounds this issue, the