for products and transactions involving a right of withdrawal or cancellation , exchange and/or refund, the existence of such a right; f) the exact content and origin in the case of foodstuffs; g) full details of the product guarantee and conditions of after-sales service; h) membership of a code of conduct, where applicable. 4. All information listed in paragraph 3 shall be displayed in a clear and visible manner. 5. Information requirements involving the range of the products offered by the specific trader in relation to advertising, commercial communication or marketing established by Community law shall be regarded as material. 6. Annex 2 contains a non-exhaustive list of Community law provisions setting out information requirements in relation to commercial communication, advertising or marketing. 7. Traders duly fulfilling the information requirements laid down by this Article shall be presumed not to have omitted material information that the average consumer needed in order to take an informed transactional decision. Section 2: Aggressive Commercial Practices Article 8 Aggressive commercial practices A commercial practice shall be regarded as aggressive if, in its factual context, taking account of all its features and circumstances, by harassment, coercion or undue influence, it significantly impairs or is likely to significantly impair the average consumer's freedom of choice or conduct with regard to the product and thereby causes him or is likely to cause him to take a transactional decision that he would not have taken otherwise. Article 9 Use of harassment, coercion and undue influence In determining whether a commercial practice uses harassment, coercion or undue influence account shall be taken of a) its timing, nature or persistence; b) the use of threatening or abusive language or behaviour; c) the use by the trader of any specific misfortune or circumstance resulting in such vulnerability as to impair the consumer's judgement, of which the trader is aware, to influence the consumer's decision with regard to the product save where the consumer is explicitly seeking the product in connection with the misfortune or circumstance ; d) any onerous or disproportionate non-contractual barriers established by the trader where a consumer wishes to exercise rights under the contract, including rights to terminate a contract or to switch to another product or another trader; e) any threat to take any action that cannot legally be taken , unless the trader proves his good faith . CHAPTER 3: CODES OF CONDUCT Article 10 Codes