Member State where the judgment was given where: a) (i) the claim form or the summons to an oral hearing were served by a method without proof of receipt by him personally, as provided for in Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 805/2004; and ii) service was not effected in sufficient time to enable him to arrange for his defence without any fault on his part, or b) the defendant was prevented from objecting to the claim by reason of force majeure , or due to extraordinary circumstances without any fault on his part, provided in either case that he acts promptly. 2. If the court or tribunal rejects the review on the basis that none of the grounds referred to in paragraph 1 apply, the judgment shall remain in force. If the court or tribunal decides that the review is justified for one of the reasons laid down in paragraph 1, the judgment given in the European Small Claims Procedure shall be null and void. Article 19 Applicable procedural law Subject to the provisions of this Regulation, the European Small Claims Procedure shall be governed by the procedural law of the Member State in which the procedure is conducted. CHAPTER III RECOGNITION AND ENFORCEMENT IN ANOTHER MEMBER STATE Article 20 Recognition and enforcement 1. A judgment given in a Member State in the European Small Claims Procedure shall be recognised and enforced in another Member State without the need for a declaration of enforceability and without any possibility of opposing its recognition. 2. At the request of one of the parties, the court or tribunal shall issue a certificate concerning a judgment in the European Small Claims Procedure using standard Form D, as set out in Annex IV, at no extra cost. Article 21 Enforcement procedure 1. Without prejudice to the provisions of this Chapter, the enforcement procedures shall be governed by the law of the Member State of enforcement. Any judgment given in the European Small Claims Procedure shall be enforced under the same conditions as a judgment given in the Member State of enforcement. 2. The party seeking enforcement shall produce: a) a copy of the judgment which satisfies the conditions necessary to establish its authenticity; and b) a copy of the certificate referred to in Article 20(2) and, where necessary, the translation thereof into the official language of the Member State of enforcement or, if there