WRITTEN QUESTION E-1698/07 by Roberta Angelilli (UEN) to the Commission (30 March 2007) Subject: Violation by AMA Senegal of the rules on the protection of employees In the wake of the scandal involving the company AMA Senegal, as reported in November 2005 in Written Question P‑4446/05, new facts have emerged concerning the unlawful dismissal of an AMA manager. In 2002, Fabio Fumelli, an architect, was transferred to Senegal as a manager at AMA Senegal. Between 2003 and 2004, Mr Fumelli informed AMA's senior management of certain irregularities in the way the company was being run: erroneous purchases, employment patronage, questionable interests, etc. Shortly afterwards, owing to those denouncements, he was removed from the post of technical director at AMA Senegal and asked to supervise the construction of a waste disposal facility near Dakar. Mr Fumelli also detected anomalies in this project, regarding the tender procedure, which he reported to AMA's senior management in Rome. In the meantime, however, the AMA Senegal case had broken, following the report by Italian TV stations, which conducted an on-the-spot investigation in which I myself took part, revealing the extremely serious deterioration in health and hygiene conditions and the environment in the city of Dakar owing to the total inadequacy of the waste collection service run by the company AMA Senegal. The day after the report, Mr Fumelli was dismissed as a result of a decision by AMA's senior management to shed its overseas operations. However, the company would not yet seem to have ceased operating abroad. In fact, AMA International has not only secured a new order in Abu Dhabi, but has also taken on three new technical directors. In the light of the above, could the Commission indicate: 1. whether it does not consider AMA's conduct to contravene the Community rules on the protection of employees; 2. whether it does not consider this dismissal to contravene the Community Charter of Fundamental Social Rights of Workers and the Charter of Fundamental Rights; 3. what action can be taken to safeguard Mr Fumelli's rights and reverse his unlawful dismissal?