Answer given by Mr Borg on behalf of the Commission (25 May 2005) 1. The Mauritanian coast indeed contains sites of international importance for migrating water birds, in particular the Parc National du Banc d’Arguin (PNBA), which has been designated as a wetland of international importance under the Ramsar Convention in 1982 and classified as a United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organisation (Unesco) world heritage site in 1989. The Commission is aware of the strategic importance of this major wetland site along the flyway of migratory waterbirds which also depend upon European wetlands such as the Waddenzee. 2. According to information obtained by the Commission, it seems indeed that the Mauritanian Ministry for Fisheries and Maritime Economy recently awarded, within the framework of a research campaign on shellfish stocks, a fishing licence to a Dutch vessel belonging to the Heijploeg firm. The vessel in question is to carry out an experimental trawling campaign throughout the Mauritanian coast, in order to evaluate the potential and the quality of shellfish (clam). Experts of the Mauritanian Institute of Oceanic Research and of Fishing (IMROP) will be on board the vessel to conduct a study on the subject. 3. The licence granted to the Dutch vessel by the Mauritanian authorities is one which does not enter within the framework of the Fishing Agreement between the Community and Mauritania. Indeed shellfish are not covered by the Fishing Protocol. Even if Mauritania were not allowed to export bivalves to the EU, bivalves and other aquatic resources living in Mauritanian waters could be directly harvested and commercialized in Europe by European vessels, since such an activity is not considered as an importation from Mauritania. 4. The Commission will make every effort to assure the respect by distant waters fishing activities of commitments entered into by the Community as part of its external policy and of the principles which must govern its Common Fisheries Policy, as requested by the Council Council conclusions on the communication from the Commission on an integrated framework for Fisheries Partnership Agreements with third countries, COM(2002)637. . In this particular case, it is important to underline that the Netherlands is a contracting party of the African-Eurasian Migratory Water bird Agreement (AEWA), and that the European Community is itself also envisaging the approval of this agreement. Parties are obliged to take measures to conserve migratory water birds. Migratory bird species that are covered by