usually nominated for 4 to 5 years. At the end of that period, the body responsible for appointment until recently simply adopted a decision extending the incumbent director's term of office. The Commission thinks this practice poses a legal problem; according to interpretation of the Treaty and practice followed for European Commissioners and Judges, at the end of a director's term of office, a whole new appointment procedure should be launched. This procedure however would be lengthy, expensive and could hamper the agency's work. The Commission therefore proposes as an alternative a simplified procedure, which still includes some sort of evaluation. To this end, in the case of EASA, Article 30(4) of Regulation (EC) No 1592/2002 should be amended. The amended provision states that the term of office of the director can be extended only once for a period of not more than 5 years, and after an evaluation that assesses the results achieved in the first term of office and the way they have been achieved, and the Agency's duties and requirements in the coming years. AMENDMENTS The Committee on Transport and Tourism calls on the Committee on Legal Affairs, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following amendments in its report: Text by the Commission Amendments by Parliament Amendment 1 ARTICLE 1 Article 30, paragraph 4 (Regulation (EC) No 1592/2002) "4. The term of office of the Executive Director and of the Directors shall be five years. On a proposal from the Commission and after an evaluation, their term of office may be extended once, for a period of not more than five years. "4. The term of office of the Executive Director and of the Directors shall be five years. On a proposal from the Commission and after an evaluation by the Commission and the Management Board , their term of office may be extended once, for a period of not more than five years. In the evaluation the Commission shall assess in particular: In the evaluation they shall assess in particular: –the results achieved in the first term of office and the way in which they have been achieved; –the results achieved in the first term of office and the way in which they have been achieved; –the Agency’s duties and requirements in the coming years." –the Agency’s duties and requirements in the coming years." Justification The Management Board and the Commission are the most appropriate