order which enters a system before the entry into force of provisions implementing Directive .../.../EC* , but which is settled there after , shall be deemed to be a transfer order for the purposes of th is Directive. * OJ: please insert number of the amending directive. Justification The amendment adds to the transparency of the systems as well as includes necessary specifications to regulate transitional conditions in the entry into force of the Directive. Amendment 21 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 1 – point 6 Directive 98/26/EC Article 10 – paragraph 2 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2a. Member States may impose supervision or authorisation requirements on systems that fall under their jurisdiction. Amendment 22 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 1 – point 6 Directive 98/26/EC Article 10 – paragraph 2 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2b. Anyone with a legitimate interest may require an institution to inform him or her of the systems in which it participates and to provide information about the main rules governing the functioning of those systems. Amendment 23 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 2 – point -1 (new) Directive 2002/47/EC Recital 9 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (-1) Recital 9 is replaced by the following: “(9) In order to limit the administrative burdens for parties using financial collateral under the scope of this Directive, the only perfection requirement which national law may impose in respect of financial collateral should be that the financial collateral is delivered, transferred, held, registered or otherwise designated so as to be in the possession or under the control of the collateral taker or of a person acting on the collateral taker's behalf while not excluding collateral techniques where the collateral provider is allowed to substitute collateral or to withdraw excess collateral. This Directive should not prohibit Member States from requiring that a credit claim be delivered by means of inclusion in a list of claims.” Justification The amendment clarifies that the inclusion in a list between the parties can have the function of delivery of a credit claim as well. As a result of the corpus of the directive, with respect to the delivery no heavier formality can be required. Amendment 24 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 2 – point 1 – subpoint c Directive 2002/47/EC Article 1 –