same sellers or suppliers before the judicial authorities in the Member State of the requested or applicant authority. 4. A requested authority may decide not to comply with the obligations in Article 7 if criminal investigations or judicial proceedings have already been initiated or final judgment has already been passed in respect of the same intra-Community infringements and against the same sellers or suppliers before the judicial authorities in the Member State of the requested or applicant authority. 5. The requested authority shall inform the applicant authority and the Commission of the grounds for refusing a request for assistance. The applicant authority may refer the matter to the Commission which shall issue an opinion, in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2). 6. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2). Chapter IV Community activities Article 16 Enforcement coordination 1. To the extent necessary to achieve the objectives of this Regulation , Member States shall inform each other and the Commission of their activities of Community interest in areas such as: a. the training of their consumer protection enforcement officials, including language training and the organisation of training seminars; b. the collection and classification of consumer complaints; c. the development of sector-specific networks of competent officials ; d. the development of information and communication tools; e. the development of standards, methodologies and guidelines for enforcement officials; f. the exchange of their officials. Member States may, in co-operation with the Commission, carry out common activities in the areas referred to in the first subparagraph. The Member States shall also, in co-operation with the Commission, develop a common framework for the classification of consumer complaints. 2. The competent authorities may exchange competent officials in order to improve cooperation. The competent authorities shall take the necessary measures to enable exchanged competent officials to play an effective part in activities of the competent authority. To this end such competent officials shall be authorised to carry out the duties entrusted to them by the host competent authority in accordance with the laws of that Member State. 3. During the exchange the civil and criminal liability of the competent official shall be treated in the same way as that of the officials of the host competent authority. Exchanged competent officials shall observe professional standards and be subject to the appropriate