the freedom of establishment are ensured. The development of fair commercial practices within the area without internal frontiers is vital to promote the development of cross-border activities. (2) The laws of the Member States relating to unfair commercial practices show marked differences which can generate appreciable distortions of competition and obstacles to the smooth functioning of the internal market. In the field of advertising, Council Directive 84/450/EEC of 10 September 1984 concerning misleading and comparative advertising OJ L 250, 19.9.1984, p. 17. Directive as amended by Directive 97/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (OJ L 290, 23.10.1997, p. 18). establishes minimum criteria for harmonising misleading advertising, but does not prevent the Member States from retaining or adopting measures which provide more extensive protection for consumers. As a result Member States" provisions on misleading advertising diverge significantly. (3) These disparities cause uncertainty as to which national rules apply to unfair commercial practices harming consumers' economic interests and create many barriers affecting business and consumers. These barriers increase the cost to business of exercising internal market freedoms, in particular when they wish to engage in cross border marketing, advertising campaigns and sales promotions. They also make consumers uncertain of their rights and undermine their confidence in the internal market. (4) In the absence of uniform rules at Community level, obstacles to the free movement of services and goods across borders or the freedom of establishment could be justified in the light of the case-law of the Court of Justice of the European Communities as long as they seek to protect recognised public interest objectives and are proportionate to those objectives. In view of the Community's objectives, as set out in the provisions of the Treaty relating to freedom of movement, of secondary Community law, and in accordance with the Commission's policy on commercial communications "The follow-up to the Green Paper on Commercial Communications in the Internal Market" Communication from the Commission. COM(1998) 121 final 4.03.1998. , such obstacles should be eliminated. These obstacles can only be eliminated by establishing uniform rules at Community level and by clarifying certain legal concepts at Community level to the extent necessary for the proper functioning of the Internal Market and to meet the requirement of legal certainty. (5) This Directive therefore approximates the laws of the Member States on unfair commercial practices, including unfair advertising, which harm consumers' economic interests. It neither covers