Normally the Commission should first submit a Communication presenting the guidelines or objectives/goals to be reach followed by a Council Decision and an opinion of the Parliament. The Council proposed in its First reading to cut commitments by -2 million euro appropriations and by -0,455 payment appropriations. This action is proposed at 6 million euro, its main objective is to raise the level of awareness among the stakeholders (including public authorities, institutions, social partners and private sector) at European and national levels of the potential for and advantages of greater geographical and occupational mobility. These actions would be managed by the Commission and be addressed mainly to the organisation of conferences, seminars, European training initiatives, surveys and studies. The pilot projects and preparatory actions must not relate to activities which are already covered by legal bases in force as this would introduce some redundancy and impair the budgetary decisions relating to the legal bases concerned. In this case the Commission proposes to create a new pilot project which actions could presumably be covered by current secondary legislation based in articles 39, 43, 17 and 18 of the EC Treaty. Could the Commission explain why none of the current legal bases have been chosen to finance this action? This activity could be financed through other current budgetary lines. Another solution could be the creation of a new specific line to be fed through different budgetary lines related to free movement of workers, citizens and social security. Could the Commission consider these options and indicate why the financing through a pilot project is the better option? It should be noted that 6 million takes a large portion of the margin available for pilot projects and, if so financed, would of course limit the room for other initiatives. This is a main reason why it is so important to examine the possibility to finance this action under an existing legal base. 15 06 01 09 Pilot project in favour of citizenship This action completes other current actions regarding: citizens panels, town twinning multi-annual partnerships, think tanks networking, ONG'S networking, structural support for NGO's, organisation of a civil society and citizens meeting. This pilot project is proposed at 1,5 million euro in commitment appropriations and 1 million euro in payment appropriations. The Council has proposed to cut this action by -0,130 million euro in payment appropriations. The Commission also proposed the continuation as pilot