Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 5 Regulation (EC)1406/2002 Article 16 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. The Administrative Board, acting on a proposal from the Commission, taking into account the evaluation report may extend the term of office of the Executive Director for not more than three years . The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. The Administrative Board shall inform the European Parliament about its intention to extend the Executive Director's term of office. Within a month before the extension of his/her term of office, the Executive Director may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. If the term of office is not extended, the Executive Director shall remain in office until the appointment of his/her successor. 2. The Administrative Board, acting on a proposal from the Commission, taking into account the evaluation report may extend the term of office of the Executive Director for not more than five years . The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. The Administrative Board shall inform the European Parliament about its intention to extend the Executive Director's term of office. Within a month before the extension of his/her term of office, the Executive Director may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. Its opinion, if any, shall be considered before formal reappointment. If the term of office is not extended, the Executive Director shall remain in office until the appointment of his/her successor. Justification The renewal of the Director's mandate should be for the same duration as for the first mandate. Any opinion given by Parliament on the selected candidate shall be taken into consideration before its appointment. Amendment 12 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 6 a (new) Regulation (EC)1406/2002 Article 18 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (6a) In Article 18, paragraph 3 is replaced by the following: ' 3. The Executive Director shall draw up a draft statement of estimates of the Agency's revenue and expenditure for the following year , on the basis of activity-based budgeting, and shall