the Constitution for Europe and the Irish rejection of the Lisbon Treaty. That gap appears to be narrowing as a result of the measures and projects implemented by the EU institutions. The efforts that have been made show that concerted action to influence the development of participative democracy around European issues at local, regional, national and supranational level can be successful. Since the 1990s the European institutions have been slowly but surely becoming more open towards the general public, increasingly recognising the role played by civil society and increasingly seeking its opinion. Dialogue has been conducted between the European institutions and non-governmental organisations in a wide range of EU policy areas. This dialogue has become known as 'civil dialogue'. Nonetheless, the EU still has a lot of ground to make up as regards communication and, specifically, civil dialogue. It is self-evident that the European project cannot be taken forward without the involvement of European citizens; what is more, one cannot have a fully functioning democracy without proper communication with the public. At the same time, public engagement with and support for the EU can be secured only by means of full information provision, open and dynamic debate and active public involvement in EU affairs, in accordance with the principle under which 'every citizen shall have the right to participate in the democratic life of the Union. Decisions shall be taken as openly and as closely as possible to the citizen' (Article 10 of the Treaty on European Union). The main aim of this report is to draw attention to the major role and significance of civil dialogue within the European Union, particularly in the context of the Lisbon Treaty, to outline the new forms of such dialogue and the opportunities it affords and to emphasise the need for clear and transparent rules for the conduct of such dialogue at European level. The Lisbon Treaty give civil dialogue the status of a fundamental principle covering practically all EU policies and spheres of activity (Title II – Provisions on democratic principles – of the Treaty on European Union, in particular Article 11 thereof). However, there can be no civil dialogue without the involvement of civil society. Accordingly, in June 2008 the rapporteur organised a seminar within the EP on the prospects for the development of civil dialogue following the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty. The seminar, which was attended by