an important aspect of passenger rights and cannot be omitted. Amendment 12 Council position – amending act Recital 26 a (new) Council position Amendment (26a) Member States should promote the use of public transport and introduce interoperable, intermodal information systems allowing for timetable information and pricing with the issuing of multimodal tickets in order to optimise the use and interoperability of the various transport modes. These services must be accessible to disabled persons. Justification This new r ecital aims at promoting integrated pricing and ticketing across transport modes to the benefit of passengers. Amendment 13 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 2 - paragraph 2 Council position Amendment 2. In addition, with the exception of Chapters III to VI, this Regulation shall apply to passengers travelling with occasional services where the initial boarding point or the final alighting point of the passenger is situated in the territory of a Member State. 2. In addition, with the exception of Articles 9 to 16 and 18 of Chapter III and Chapters IV to VI, this Regulation shall apply to passengers travelling with occasional services where the initial boarding point or the final alighting point of the passenger is situated in the territory of a Member State. Justification Article 17 deals with questions of compensation in respect of wheelchairs and other mobility equipment. These provisions should apply to occasional services in the same way as all the other provisions on compensation (laid down in Chapter II). Amendment 14 Council position – amending act Article 2 - paragraph 4 Council position Amendment 4. With the exception of Articles 4(2), 9 and 10(1), Member States may exempt urban, suburban and regional regular services , including cross‑border services of that type, from the application of this Regulation 4. With the exception of Articles 4(2), 7, 8 , 9, 10(1), 11(1), 13(1), 16, 17(1), 17(2), 20, 23 , 25, 26 and 27 Member States may exempt urban and suburban regular services , as well as regional regular services, if they are part of services integrated with urban or suburban services, including cross‑border services of that type, from the application of this Regulation Justification It should not be possible to exclude regional services from the scope of the Regulation. This is in line with the EP position at first reading but not going as far, since it would not anymore be required to prove, as a