which shall include ‘hazardous incidents’ and ‘near misses’, based on data submitted by the relevant national bodies of Member States. This overview shall be made available annually to the European Parliament and to the Council. Amendment 53 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 2 – paragraph 5 – subparagraph 1 5. The Agency shall at the request of the Commission provide technical assistance as regards the implementation of relevant EU legislation to States applying for accession to the Union, to all European Neighbourhood partner countries and to countries taking part in the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control. 5. The Agency shall at the request of the Commission provide technical assistance as regards the implementation of relevant EU legislation to States applying for accession to the Union, to all European Neighbourhood partner countries , as and when applicable, and to countries taking part in the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control. Amendment 54 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 3 – paragraph 1 – subparagraph 1 1. In order to perform the tasks entrusted to it and to assist the Commission in fulfilling its duties under the Treaty in particular the assessment of the effective implementation of Union law, the Agency shall carry out inspections in the Member States. 1. In order to perform the tasks entrusted to it and to assist the Commission in fulfilling its duties under the Treaty in particular the assessment of the effective implementation of Union law, the Agency shall assist the Commission in reviewing environmental impact assessments and carry out inspections in the Member States , at the request of the Commission . Amendment 55 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 3 – paragraph 2 2. The operational working methods of the Agency for conducting the inspections referred to in paragraph 1 shall be subject to requirements to be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 23(2) . 2. The operational working methods of the Agency for conducting the inspections referred to in paragraph 1 shall be subject to requirements to be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 23(1) . Amendment 56 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article