Answer given by Mr Kyprianou on behalf of the Commission (15 October 2007) The Community has developed a progressive and comprehensive legislative framework in the world on the protection of animals. The EU legislation today provides for specific requirements for the protection of animals on farm, during transport and at slaughter. There are also Community provisions for the protection of animals used for experiments. The Commission adopted in 2006 a Community Action Plan on the Protection and Welfare of Animals for 2006-2010 COM(2006)13 final. that sets up the strategic basis for future actions in this field. However, issues relating to dog-fighting are the sole responsibility of each Member State as they are not covered by the possibilities allowed by the Treaties for Community action. The passport introduced by Regulation (EC) No 998/2003 Regulation (EC) No 998/2003 of Parliament and of the Council of 26 May 2003 on the animal health requirements applicable to the non-commercial movement of pet animals and amending Council Directive 92/65/EEC, OJ L 146, 13.6.2003. Regulation as last amended by Commission Regulation (EC) No 245/2007, OJ L 73, 13.3.2007. contains details on the breed, the coat and an option for a picture of the pet, but its very nature does not indicate the purpose for which the dog is kept. All this makes a deliberate misdescription of dogs in the passport as a very unlikely means of facilitating illegal importations from one Member State to another. Regulation (EC) No 998/2003 does not make any discrimination with regard to the breed and clearly states that ‘Provisions based on considerations other than those relating to animal health requirements, and intended to restrict the movement of certain species or breeds of pet animals, shall not be affected by the regulation’. The passport is issued by a veterinarian authorised by the competent authority to provide animal health certification for the movement of pets into a Member State. It establishes a link between the individually marked animal, i.e. by tattoo or transponder, and its certified health status, in particular with regard to rabies vaccination and certain treatments. Given the public and animal health consequences, Member States have the responsibility to prevent the illegal use of the passport. In case of failure to assume this responsibility the Commission can then intervene to ensure compliance.