18 January 2000 MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION further to Oral Questions B5-0004 and B5-0005/2000 pursuant to Rule 42(5) of the Rules of Procedure by the following Members: Cox, Gasòliba i Böhm and Schmidt, on behalf of the ELDR Group, and Poettering, on behalf of the PPE/DE Group on the Tobin tax Resolution on the Tobin tax The European Parliament, A. whereas a tax on foreign exchange transactions, a so-called Tobin tax, has been debated since the early 1970s when it first was proposed, B. whereas the tax is said to deter short-term currency speculation and thus help reduce volatility and instability of markets, C. whereas the tax would apply to all transactions, without distinguishing between stabilising and destabilising ones, and therefore impair the normal operations of financial markets, D. whereas many market operations are still quite opaque and different countries apply different standards of measurement, making monitoring and vigilance difficult for supervisory authorities, 1. Rejects the Tobin tax as there is little or no evidence that it would indeed reduce market volatility, while the tax is sure to have undesirable side effects such as increased transaction costs, which would hinder the functioning of markets; 2. Underlines that the implementation of such a tax would also pose enormous administrative difficulties; 3. Rejects furthermore the “two-tier Tobin tax” with variable tax rates, as this would create additional uncertainty over prices in markets, without solving the problems associated with the “plain” Tobin tax; 4. Underlines that the most frequent causes of financial crises are not inherent in the continuous emergence of a global economy (globalisation), but rather in unsound fiscal and monetary policies pursued by national governments, cronyism, structural deficiencies, inadequate political and economic liberalisation governed by the rule of law and failing supervision of the financial sector; 5. Calls for improved rules on the prudential supervision of the financial sector to be agreed internationally and applied world-wide; 6. Recognises the case for developing countries, without mature capital markets, applying Chilean-style reserve deposits, which would discourage short-term capital flows, while leaving the long-term flows unimpaired; 7. Repeats its call for reform of the international financial institutions and an enhanced monitoring role to promote greater transparency in the actions of the markets, inter alia concerning dissemination standards on financial information; 8. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council and the Commission.