dissuasive. Member States shall notify those provisions to the Commission by * and shall notify it without delay of any subsequent amendments affecting them. * 2 years after the entry into force of this D irective. Amendment 94 Proposal for a directive Article 25 - paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Detailed rules for the following measures shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 26(3): deleted (a) rules for the updating and transmission of information on human organs characterisation as detailed in the Annex; (b) procedures for ensuring the full traceability of organs, including labelling requirements; (c) procedures for ensuring the reporting of serious adverse events and reactions. Amendment 95 Proposal for a directive Article 25 - paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Detailed rules for the uniform implementation of this Directive, and in particular for the following measures, shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 26(2): 2. Appropriate rules for the uniform implementation of this Directive, and in particular for the following measures, shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 26(2): Amendment 96 Proposal for a directive Article 25 – paragraph 2 – point b Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (b) the establishment and functioning of the network of the competent authorities referred to in Article 20. (b) the establishment and ability to function of the network of the competent authorities referred to in Article 20. Justification The additions take into account the connection between human organ and donor characterisation (1a) and the definition provided in Article 3 (m) and (n) of the proposal for a Directive (1c, 2a and b). Amendment 97 Proposal for a directive Article 26 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 2 6 a Delegated acts In order to achieve the objectives of this Directive, the Commission shall lay down by means of delegated acts in accordance with Articles 26a, 26b and 26c: (a) rules for the updating and transmission of information on human organ and donor characterisation as detailed in the Annex; (b) procedures for ensuring the full traceability of organs, including labelling requirements; (c) procedures for ensuring the reporting of unexpected serious adverse events and reactions. Justification The additions take into account the connection between human organ and donor characterisation (1a) and the definition provided in Article 3