development of the internal market for natural gas, and to seek to achieve consistent application, in all Member States, of the provisions set out in this directive, particularly in areas where national legal provisions on the implementation of Community law leave the national regulatory authorities considerable discretion in the application of such provisions. Justification The Commission has already agreed to the establishment of a European Regulators’ Group, but this agreement should also be reflected in the text of the directive itself, as was also the case in the field of telecommunications. Amendment 3 Article 3, paragraph 1 1. Member States shall ensure, on the basis of their institutional organisation and with due regard to the principle of subsidiarity, that, without prejudice to paragraph 2, natural gas undertakings are operated in accordance with the principles of this Directive with a view to achieving a competitive and sustainable market in natural gas, and shall not discriminate between these undertakings as regards either rights or obligations. Member States shall ensure, on the basis of their institutional organisation and with due regard to the principle of subsidiarity, that, without prejudice to paragraph 2, natural gas undertakings are operated in accordance with the principles of this Directive with a view to achieving a competitive and sustainable market and a secure and environmentally sustainable supply and retail in natural gas, and shall not discriminate between these undertakings as regards either rights or obligations. Or. de Justification Based on the amendment at first reading and seeking to align the electricity and gas directives. Amendment 4 Article 3, paragraph 2 2. Having full regard to the relevant provisions of the Treaty, in particular Article 86 thereof, Member States may impose on natural gas undertakings, in the general economic interest, public service obligations which may relate to security, including security of supply, regularity, quality and price of supplies, and environmental protection, including energy efficiency and climate protection. Such obligations shall be clearly defined, transparent, non‑discriminatory and verifiable. In relation to security of supply, and the fulfilment of environmental goals, including energy efficiency, Member States may introduce the implementation of long‑term planning, taking into account the possibility of third parties seeking access to the system. 2. Having full regard to the relevant provisions of the Treaty, in particular Article 86 thereof, Member States may impose on natural gas undertakings, in the general economic interest, public service obligations which may relate