transparency of national registers and waiting lists, establishing the legal responsibility of the medical profession for tracking irregularities, and sharing information. Amendment 3 Proposal for a directive Article 4 – paragraph 2 – point e a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (ea) standard operating procedures for tracing and limiting the risks of unethical or illegal activities, particularly concerning decisions for organ procurement and transplantation . Amendment 4 Proposal for a directive Article 10 – paragraph 3 – point b a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (ba) access to systems permitting the identification of a donor or recipient is as restricted as possible. Justification With fewer people having access to data the risks of unlawful access of such sensitive data is reduced. Amendment 5 Proposal for a directive Article 10 – paragraph 3 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3a. Member States shall, in accordance with Article 24, lay down rules on penalties applicable to: (a) the unauthorised accessing of data or systems permitting the identification of donors or recipients; (b) any use which is made of systems or data permitting the identification of donors or recipients with a view to tracing donors or recipients otherwise than for necessary medical purposes. Justification Penalties are needed to deter people from attempting to use the systems for unauthorized searches. Amendment 6 Proposal for a directive Article 11 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall ensure that there is a reporting system in place to report, investigate, register and transmit relevant and necessary information concerning serious adverse events and reactions that may influence the quality and safety of human organs and which may be attributed to the procurement, testing, and transport of organs, as well as any serious adverse reaction observed during or after transplantation which may be connected to those activities. 1. Member States shall ensure that there is a reporting system in place to report, investigate, register and transmit relevant and necessary information concerning serious adverse events and reactions that may influence the quality and safety of human organs and which may be attributed to the procurement, testing, preservation and transport of organs, as well as any serious adverse reaction observed during or after transplantation which may be connected to those activities. Justification The listing of procedures provided in Article 2(1) also includes "preservation" and it seems potentially beneficial to