Commission shall notify it simultaneously to the European Parliament and to the Council. 5. A delegated act adopted pursuant to Article 4d(3) shall enter into force only if no objection has been expressed either by the European Parliament or the Council within a period of three months of notification of that act to the European Parliament and the Council or if, before the expiry of that period, the European Parliament and the Council have both informed the Commission that they will not object. That period shall be extended by three months at the initiative of the European Parliament or of the Council . Article 4 Report and regular dialogue 1. The Commission shall, not later than five years after the final date for application of the provisions referred to in Article 5(2), publish a report concerning the functioning of the system of interconnection of registers, in particular examining its technical operation and its financial aspects. 2. That report shall be accompanied, if appropriate, by proposals for amending this Directive. 3. The Commission and the representatives of the Member States shall regularly convene to discuss the matters covered by this Directive in any appropriate forum. Article 5 Transposition 1. Member States shall adopt, publish and apply the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by [xxx] + Two years following the entry into force of this Directive. . 2. Notwithstanding paragraph 1, Member States shall adopt, publish and apply the provisions necessary to comply with: – Article 1(3) and (4) and Article 5a of Directive 89/666/EEC, – Article 13 of Directive 2005/56/EC, – Article 3(1), second subparagraph, Article 3b, Article 3c, Article 3d and Article 4a(3) to (5) of Directive 2009/101/EC, two years following the adoption of the implementing acts referred to in Article 4c of Directive 2009/101/EC, at the latest. Upon the adoption of those implementing acts, the Commission shall publish in the Official Journal of the European Union the final date for application of the provisions referred to in this paragraph. 3. When Member States adopt the measures referred to in paragraph 1 , they shall contain a reference to this Directive or be accompanied by such ▌ reference on the occasion of their official publication. The methods of making such references shall be laid down by Member States ▌. 4. Member States shall communicate to the Commission the text of the main provisions of