Reply (10 May 2005) 1. The Council takes note of the specific legal provisions in Italy in favour of the visibly impaired persons, but it is not in a position to comment on them or on whether similar provisions and facilities are provided for, or not, in other Member States either by legislation, administrative provisions or by non-regulatory means. 2. As far as EU legislation is concerned, the Honourable Member is no doubt aware that in the area of employment and occupation, there is already a general legal framework for combating discrimination of the grounds of religion or belief, disability, age or sexual orientation in all Member States, as laid down by Council Directive (2000/78/E Council Directive 2000/78/EC establishing a general framework for equal treatment in employment and occupation. OJ L 303/16 of 2.12.2000. 1). In terms of harmonisation, the Directive sets minimum requirements which must be respected by all Member States, but Member States may introduce or maintain provisions which are more favourable to the protection of the principle of equal treatment than those laid down in this Directive. 3. The Council also invites the Honourable Parliamentarian to refer to the work of the High Level Group of Member States representatives on Disability. This will continue its task of monitoring the policies and priorities of the governments of the EU concerning people with disabilities and exchanging information and experience about how the Member States work to eliminate barriers in society and achieve full participation for all. This High Level Group has edited a compendium on the organisation in each Member State of disability policy-making. 4. Any further actions in this regard needs the presentation of a formal proposal from the Commission. At that stage, no such proposal is foreseen, though the Commission has announced the presentation in 2005 of a Communication setting out the policy priorities in support of the principle of non-discrimination and equality.