WRITTEN QUESTION E-2007/10 by Diogo Feio (PPE) to the Commission (6 April 2010) Subject: Eurozone: consolidation measures and sanctions suggested by the German government The Portuguese newspaper Público has reported that the German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, has admitted that, in the last resort, a Member State could be obliged to leave the eurozone if it repeatedly failed to meet the conditions necessary to stay in the single currency. This idea had already been put forward by the German Finance Minister in an article published in the opinion and comment section of the Financial Times : ‘Should a eurozone member ultimately find itself unable to consolidate its budgets or restore its competitiveness, this country should, as a last resort, exit the monetary union while being able to remain a member of the EU’. He also stated that ‘a country whose finances are in disarray must not be allowed to participate in decisions regarding the finances of another euro member’, and that failure to comply with the limits set by Brussels should lead to the suspension of voting rights in the Eurogroup. Can the Commission answer the following questions: 1. What comments does the Commission have on the statements by the German Chancellor and the article by the Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble? 2. Does it consider this to be the best way of strengthening cohesion between members of the Eurogroup? 3. Does it believe that, as the minister said, a Member State with an excessive deficit should be deprived of cohesion funding? Could this measure not further widen the gap between states? 4. How does it assess the view that coordination between Eurogroup countries should be such that countries are able to interfere in the shaping of each other's policies? 5. Is it prepared to consider the creation of a European Monetary Fund that would have emergency funds that could be granted to states facing liquidity problems on a scale that could jeopardise the Eurozone's financial stability? 6. Does it believe that Eurostat should be able to inspect public accounts where there are substantiated suspicions of manipulation?