shall declare the procedure closed. Where Parliament does not reject the proposal, the procedure shall continue, taking into account any recommendations approved by Parliament. Rule 39 Access to documents and provision of information to Parliament 1. Throughout the legislative procedure Parliament and its committees shall request access to all documents relating to proposals for legislative acts under the same conditions as the Council and its working parties. 2. During the examination of a proposal for a legislative act, the committee responsible shall ask the Commission and the Council to keep it informed of the progress of that proposal in the Council and its working parties and in particular to inform it of any emerging compromises which will substantially amend the original proposal, or of the author's intention to withdraw its proposal. Rule 40 Representation of Parliament in Council meetings When the Council invites Parliament to take part in a Council meeting in which the Council acts in a legislative capacity, the President shall ask the Chair or rapporteur of the committee responsible, or another Member designated by the committee, to represent Parliament. Rule 41 Rights of initiative conferred on Parliament by the Treaties In cases where the Treaties confer a right of initiative on Parliament, the committee responsible may decide to draw up an own-initiative report. The report shall comprise: (a) a motion for a resolution; (b) where appropriate, a draft decision or a draft proposal; (c) an explanatory statement including, where appropriate, a financial statement. Where the adoption of an act by Parliament requires the approval or the consent of the Council and the opinion or the consent of the Commission, Parliament may, following the vote on the proposed act, and on a proposal by the rapporteur, decide to postpone the vote on the motion for a resolution until the Council or the Commission have stated their position. Rule 42 Initiative pursuant to Article 225 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union 1. Parliament may request the Commission, pursuant to Article 225 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, to submit to it any appropriate proposal for the adoption of a new act or the amendment of an existing act, by adopting a resolution on the basis of an own-initiative report drawn up by the committee responsible in accordance with Rule 48. The resolution shall be adopted by a majority of the component