should be fought as a priority. Petros OLANGO MP (Ethiopia) stated that there was a consensus on both sides. However he recognised that some delegates were still doubtful about the benefits of budgetisation. He said it was important to learn from past experience and examine strengths and weaknesses of the EDF system. Thiemo Ousmane DIALLO MP (Guinea), in his first address to the JPA, was also concerned about the dispersement of the EDF money. He was also concerned, in particular, about the reduction of money allocated to Guinea in the EU's 9th EDF. David ANGGO (Papua New Guinea) expressed his gratitude, on behalf of his country, for EU development assistance received. He shared the ACP's position on budgetisation and trusted that budgetisation would not result in a reduction in development aid. He too stressed the importance of ring-fencing and the problems in the dispersement system. Fambaré O. NATCHABA MP (Togo) stated that his country had been prevented from receiving EDF funding in the past. However, he was happy with the progress made in recent years. Barry FAURE (Seychelles) was concerned about the impact of enlargement on budgetisation and on how budgetisation would impact on the Economic Partnership Agreements and the possible oversight within the JPA. European Commission Athanassios THEODORAKIS , Deputy Director-General for Development, stated that the Commission had already made moves to create an instrument of development and co-operation in the next Financial Perspective. The legal basis for this new instrument would be the Cotonou Agreement. Financing, therefore, should be assured for the next 20 years. Moreover, the Commission already used a multiannual programming concept for the programming and implementation of its budget. Budgetisation, therefore, should not pose any problem in this respect, given that the actual system already has inherent rigidities. Mr Theodorakis stated that an annual amount of €3.5bn was not subject to parliamentary control and this was unacceptable. He stated that there would be more guarantees if the EDF was incorporated within the EU budget than if it remained outside. Finally, Mr Theodorakis recalled that one-third of EU development aid is spent through other budget lines. International Criminal Court Statement by Philippe KIRSCH, President of the ICC Statement by Philippe KIRSCH, President of the International Criminal Court (ICC) Debate: 23.11.2004 Mr Philippe KIRSCH , in his speech to the JPA, recalled that the ICC had been created by the Rome Statute. 120 states had voted in