to guarantee cost and budget efficiency. This should allow one third of additional staffing needs for new tasks to be covered through internal redeployment by the Agency. (3) Based on the findings of the external evaluation, the recommendations by the Administrative Board and the multi-annual strategy it adopted in March 2010 , some provisions of Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 should be clarified and updated. While focusing on its priority tasks in the area of maritime safety, the Agency should also receive a number of additional tasks reflecting the development of the maritime safety policy at EU and international level. Given the budget constraints facing the Union , considerable screening and redeployment efforts are necessary to guarantee cost and budget efficiency and to avoid any overlapping . Staffing needs for the new tasks should be covered as far as possible through internal redeployment by the Agency. Justification The funds available to the Agency for acting effectively in the area of maritime safety should not be allocated to new tasks. Stringent budgetary management is therefore necessary if the Agency’s areas of competence are to be extended. The new tasks should be covered where possible through redeployment. Amendment 5 Proposal for a regulation Recital 3 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3a) This redeployment needs to be coordinated with agencies in the Member States . Justification Greater efficiency and value will be achieved if the redeployment of tasks involves greater coordination. Amendment 6 Proposal for a regulation Recital 3 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3b) The Agency has already demonstrated that certain tasks, such as satellite monitoring systems, can be more efficiently undertaken at the European level. Where these systems can be applied to support other policy objectives, this offers Member States savings on their national budgets and represents genuine European added value. Justification In the light of the economic crisis, it is clear that public budgets are under pressure at the European, national and state level. However, arguing that each and every public organisation should face a budgetary freeze makes little sense if investment at one level can allow larger savings in other tiers of government. In particular, if the Agency can use its existing systems to contribute to additional policy objectives, with a modest increase in resources, the net effect will be to reduce European public expenditure as national administrations will be freed from these tasks.