part, and the European Community and its Member States, of the other part (5535/2009 - COM(2008)0439 – C6‑0064/2009 – 2008/0136(AVC) ) Rapporteur: Johan Van Hecke (*) Associated committee – Rule 47 of the Rules of Procedure SHORT JUSTIFICATION In 2000, the ACP and EU agreed to replace the existing regime of trade preferences granted by the EU to imports from the ACP, by new trading arrangements compatible with the WTO rules. The negotiations for the new so-called Economic Partnership Agreements (EPA's) were initiated in 2002. Because the WTO waiver covering the existing trade arrangements would expire in January 2008, the deadline for new arrangements was set for 31 December 2007. This is covered in Article 37 of the Cotonou Partnership Agreement between the EU and ACP-countries. As the EPA's aim to build and strengthen the regional integration processes in the ACP and progressively remove barriers to trade between them (art.36), six ACP regions were established for the EPA negotiations. Initially, the EPA's negotiations were conducted at the regional level. At the end of 2007 however, the EU did not reach an EPA-agreement with the 16 countries in the West African regional grouping. Before expiry of the deadline, the European Commission initialled a bilateral approach with the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire in order to prevent disruption to exports to the EU after the trade provisions of the Cotonou Agreement expired. The objective of signing an interim agreement with the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire was to maintain preferential access to EU markets for the main exports, which include cocoa, bananas and other agricultural products. It was meant as a temporary solution while negotiations to conclude a comprehensive EPA with the West African region were ongoing. An almost identical stepping stone agreement was discussed with neighbouring country Ghana. At the end of November 2008, the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire signed the interim EPA, which makes the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire the first country in Africa to sign an economic partnership agreement with the European Union. The following months, this interim EPA will be scrutinised by the WTO. The stepping stone agreement signed in November 2008 stipulates that all imports from Republic of Côte d'Ivoire enter the EU duty and quota free. Transition periods have been introduced until 2010 for rice and 2015 for sugar. In return, over the next 15 years, Republic of Côte d'Ivoire will liberalize 81% of imports from the EU