which permitted this, not on third parties. The Member State should be punished and there are various possibilities for doing so, one of which is within the framework of Article 95 of this Regulation. The Commission cannot, however, punish fishermen for their flag Member State's bad control practices, nor can it unilaterally alter the relative stability of a Member State. The possibility of reducing a Member State's quotas, on the Commission's initiative, if the Commission does not receive a response from that Member State or if the response is considered unsatisfactory, should only occur in well justified and substantiated cases, and be done through a Council Decision. The proposal does not properly justify the conditions for exercising this option, which creates a situation of great legal uncertainty. Amendment 80 Proposal for a regulation Article 100 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 100 deleted Refusal of quota exchanges The Commission may exclude the possibility to exchange quotas according to Article 20 paragraph 5 of Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002: a) for quotas for which there was an overfishing of more than 10% of the quotas available to one of the Member State concerned in one of the immediately preceding two years or b) if the Member State concerned does not take appropriate measures to ensure a proper management of the fishing opportunities of the stocks concerned, in particular by not operating a computerized validation system as referred to in Article 102 or by insufficiently operating the systems providing the data for this validation system. Justification The Commission cannot object to the exchange of quotas laid down in Council Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002 on the conservation and sustainable exploitation of fisheries resources under the Common Fisheries Policy. It is acknowledged that a Member State should be punished for exceeding quotas. However, over-fishing by 10% is a clear signal that the Member State does not have a sufficient quota, whilst another Member State has too large a quota given that it can exchange this. It does not, however, make sense to impose sanctions by banning the exchange of quotas, as this also penalises the second Member State. This matter should therefore be settled under Regulation 2371/2002, with rules being set at the same time to make it possible to benefit from under-used quotas. Amendment 81 Proposal for a regulation Article 101 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. If there