its opinion or consent. In the case of the consent procedure Rule 81 shall apply. 6. Before the vote on the consent is taken, the committee responsible, a political group or at least one-tenth of the Members may propose that Parliament seek an opinion from the Court of Justice on the compatibility of an international agreement with the Treaties. If Parliament approves such a proposal, the vote on the consent shall be adjourned until the Court has delivered its opinion. 7. Parliament shall give its opinion on, or its consent to, the conclusion, renewal or amendment of an international agreement or a financial protocol concluded by the European Union in a single vote by a majority of the votes cast. No amendments to the text of the agreement or protocol shall be admissible. 8. If the opinion adopted by Parliament is unfavourable, the President shall ask the Council not to conclude the agreement in question. 9. If Parliament withholds its consent to an international agreement, the President shall inform the Council that the agreement in question cannot be concluded. Rule 91 Procedures based on Article 218 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union in the case of the provisional application or suspension of international agreements or the establishment of the Union's position in a body set up by an international agreement Where the Commission, in accordance with its obligations under the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and the Framework Agreement on relations between the European Parliament and the European Commission, informs Parliament and the Council of its intention to propose the provisional application or suspension of an international agreement, a statement shall be made in Parliament, followed by a debate. Parliament may issue recommendations pursuant to Rule 90 or 97. The same procedure shall apply when the Commission informs Parliament of a proposal concerning the positions to be adopted on the Union's behalf in a body set up by an international agreement. CHAPTER 13 EXTERNAL REPRESENTATION OF THE UNION AND THE COMMON FOREIGN AND SECURITY POLICY Rule 92 Deleted Rule 93 Special representatives 1. Where the Council intends to appoint a special representative under Article 33 of the Treaty on European Union, the President, at the request of the committee responsible, shall invite the Council to make a statement and answer questions concerning the mandate, the objectives and other relevant matters relating to the