Amendments 2 and 3. It should, however, be pointed out that it remains possible for Member States to set a lower limit of 135 cm. This may be seen as a watering-down of Parliament's amendments to the regret of the rapporteur but, since some uncertainty still surrounds this issue, the criterion of height will need to be looked at more closely under the comitology procedure so that the rules can be adjusted at a later date if necessary. Criteria of height are far easier for inspection agencies to operate with than the weight criterion originally proposed. Amendment 6 calls for a report from the Commission by no later than 1 August 2004 on the possible need for more stringent safety measures. This wish is reflected in Article 7a(2) of the Council's common position. The same amendment called on the Commission to investigate, in cooperation with the industry, means of introducing more user-friendly airbags that are easy to deactivate. It should be stressed that this already forms part of the EURO-NCAP programme and that the findings will be published as soon as evaluation of the tests has been completed. The rapporteur would like to see these findings lead rapidly to the introduction of such airbags. Amendment 5 proposing wider powers for Member States to grant exemptions was approved by the Council and expanded to satisfy more practical requirements but without entailing excessive risks which the non-use of safety belts would involve. 2 . Amendments 4 and 1 were not approved not because of their content but because they fell outside the scope of this piece of legislation. Additions by the Council The Council has added quite a number of detailed and useful provisions: - N2 and N3 vehicles are also covered by the requirement that children over the age of three must be restrained where a child-restraint system is available and that children under three must be restrained by a child-restraint system; - the limit of 135 cm for using adult safety belts which Member States may introduce instead of 150 cm is closer to the weight limit of 36 kg originally proposed by the Commission; - in taxis, where Member States so decide, children do not need to be restrained by a child-restraint system. Where no child-restraint system is available, the child may not sit in the front passenger seat. However, in many countries taxis do have restraint systems for