2. The non-contrac t ual liability of carriers for damages shall not be subject to any financial limit, be it defined by law, convention or contract. (a) EUR 220 000 per passenger; (b) with regard to urban, suburban and regional regular or occasional services EUR 500 per item of luggage and with regard to all other regular or occasional services EUR 1 200 per item of luggage. In the event of damage to wheelchairs, other mobility equipment or assistive devices the amount of compensation shall always be equal to the cost of replacement or repair of the equipment lost or damaged. 3. For any claim up to the amount of EUR 220 000 per passenger, a carrier shall not exclude or limit its liability by proving that it has taken the care required pursuant to paragraph 4(a), unless the total amount of the resulting claim exceeds the amount for which compulsory insurance is, in conformity with Second Council Directive 84/5/EEC of 30 December 1983 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to insurance against civil liability in respect of the use of motor vehicles , required under the national legislation of the Member state in which the bus or coach is normally based. In such a situation, liability shall be limited to that amount. 4. A carrier shall not be liable pursuant to paragraph 1: (a) if the accident has been caused by circumstances not connected with the operation of bus and coach transport services or which the carrier could not have avoided, in spite of having taken the care required in the particular circumstances of the case, or the consequences of which it was unable to prevent; (b) to the extent that the accident is the fault of the passenger or caused by his negligence. Nothing in this Regulation shall: (a) imply that a carrier is the sole party liable to pay damages; or (b) restrict any rights of a carrier to seek redress from any other party in accordance with the applicable law of a Member State . Justification The Council position waters down significantly the provisions on liability as compared to both the original Commission proposal and the EP position at first reading. The amendment aims to restore the EP position at first reading . Amendment 23 Council position – amending act Article 7 a (new) Council position Amendment Article 7a Damages 1