Answer given by Mr Kallas on behalf of the Commission (13 November 2008) The article published in the Sunday Times which the Honourable Member refers to, contains serious allegations against a senior official in the Directorate-General for Trade of the Commission. The Commission wants to underline, however, that, until the circumstances of this affair have been clarified and until any legal proceedings have been completed, the presumption of innocence applies to the official concerned. At the same time, it is clear that the allegations of the Sunday Times must be treated with the utmost seriousness and carefully investigated. On learning of the allegations published in the press, the Commission immediately mandated its internal Investigations and Disciplinary Office (IDOC) to carry out a thorough administrative investigation and establish the facts. The investigation of IDOC had to be suspended according to the applicable legal provisions when the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF), which is fully independent in the conduct of its investigations, decided to open an internal investigation. The Commission fully supports and cooperates with OLAF and hopes that OLAF will be able to establish the facts as rapidly as possible. In the meantime, the Commission decided, in the interest of the service, to suspend the official concerned from his functions. However it must be made entirely clear that this is neither a sanction, nor does it mean that the Commission considers the official guilty. The Commission has issued a statement swiftly informing the public about the fact that allegations were being made and how it would respond. The Vice-President for Administrative Affairs, Audit and Anti-Fraud informed in the Budgetary Control Committee of Parliament on 8 September 2008. The Commission intends to keep Parliament informed within the limits set by legislation and case law, and the necessary respect for the presumption of innocence of the person under investigation. The Commission will be following developments closely and will draw conclusions as quickly as possible after the conclusion of the OLAF investigation. The Staff Regulations already provide a comprehensive set of rules to which Commission staff have to abide. Keeping ethical conduct by its officials at the highest standards is one of the Commission's ongoing priorities. The Commission adopted a communication on ethics on 5 March 2008 Communication from Vice-President Kallas to the Commission on enhancing the environment for professional ethics in the Commission (SEC(2008)301final). . This communication provides for a number of actions, with