Answer given by Mr Kallas on behalf of the Commission (16 December 2005) Replies to parliamentary questions are given by the Member of the Commission who is responsible for the main issue raised in the questions. They are made on behalf of the Commission. Contrary to the Honourable Member’s inferences that cost benefit analyses (CBA) are hardly ever carried out by the Commission to assess value for public money, EU legislation that has been in force for several years explicitly requires CBA for investment projects to be funded under the Structural Funds, the Cohesion Fund, and the Instrument for Pre-Accession countries (ISPA), for projects with a budget exceeding EUR 50 million, EUR 10 million and EUR 5 million, respectively, and these are carried out. While Member States are responsible for the prior appraisal of these projects, the Commission has to assess the quality of this appraisal in order to admit the project proposal to co-financing and to determine the co-financing rate. A CBA is also explicitly required and carried out whenever the Commission intends to set up an executive agency. In addition, the technical guidance elaborated by the Commission to support its impact assessment activities includes CBA in its methodological tool box, to be applied whenever appropriate and feasible (depending on the type and expected impact of the intervention concerned). CBA is carried out in particular at the project level and at the ex-ante stage (in accordance with international practice) and is not the only analytical tool that can be used to assess value for public money. When evaluating its programmes and activities, the Commission — or the external consultants employed by it — use an array of techniques that shed light on the relevance, efficiency, effectiveness, utility and impact of their policies (e.g. cost effectiveness analysis, benchmarking, expert panels, participatory approaches and methods, etc.). The Honourable Member seems to misunderstand the Commission reply to the Honourable Member’s Written Question E‑2378/05 . The annual evaluation review is not an evaluation activity in its own right: it is a publication that summarises the results of the evaluations that have been carried out by the Commission during a given calendar year. The following clarifications are given in the order of the questions raised: The criteria that govern evaluation within the Commission are laid down in legal texts (the Financial Regulation, the Structural Funds Regulations, etc.), internal Commission communications on evaluation, detailed guidance