Answer given by Mrs Ferrero-Waldner on behalf of the Commission (14 March 2008) The Union remains seriously concerned about the regime in Uzbekistan and shares the concerns of the Honourable Member. During the last General Affairs and External relations Council meeting in October 2007, the 27 EU Member States agreed on the renewal of the sanctions (arms embargo and visa ban) against Uzbekistan for 12 months and on the conditional suspension of the visa ban on eight individuals. In addition, the Council urged Uzbekistan fully to implement its international obligations relating to Human Rights and, in particular, to allow unimpeded access by relevant international bodies to prisoners, to engage effectively with United Nations Special Rapporteurs, to let all non-governmental organisations (NGOs) operate without constraints in Uzbekistan, to release Human Rights defenders from detention and to cease harassing them. Furthermore, the Council stated that the lifting of the visa restrictions would be reviewed after six months (May 2008) to assess whether Uzbekistan had made progress in meeting these conditions. The fact that restrictive measures continue to remain in place demonstrates the EU's concern about the situation in Uzbekistan, both to the Uzbek Government and the broader EU and Uzbek public. On 1 January 2008, the death penalty was abolished as announced and between 2‑4 February 2008 the Uzbek authorities released four prominent Human Rights defenders and cancelled the probation period of two others who had been released previously. The Uzbek authorities have also agreed to hold a civil society seminar in Tashkent on the freedom of the media in March, as well as a further session of the Human Rights dialogue in May 2008. These are steps in the right direction which the Commission welcomes. The Commission hopes to see more progress in the months to come. On 6 February 2008 the EU — Uzbekistan Cooperation Committee took place in Tashkent. This provided an opportunity for the EU to raise its concerns with the Uzbek authorities, in particular the issue of child labour and individual cases of Human Rights defenders. The EU will continue to follow very closely the Human Rights situation and to raise these issues with the Uzbek authorities.