Answer given by Mr Andor on behalf of the Commission (17 May 2010) Framework Directive 89/391/EEC Council Directive 89/391/EEC of 12 June 1989 on the introduction of measures to encourage improvements in the safety and health of workers at work, OJ L 183, 29.6.1989. requires the employer to assess all risks to the health and safety of workers, to put in place preventive measures and to provide appropriate protective measures. The obligation for employers to document the risk assessment is laid down in Article 9(1)(a) and (2) of the directive. Under the Commission's Action Programme for ‘Reducing administrative burdens in the European Union“ COM(2007)23 final. , the High Level Group of Independent Stakeholders on Administrative Burdens made recommendations to reduce unnecessary administrative burdens in the priority area of the working environment/employment relations Opinion of 28 May 2009: http://ec.europa.eu/enterprise/policies/better‑regulation/files/hlg_opinion_working_environment_09052009_en.pdf . The Commission Communication of 22 October 2009, to which the Honourable Member refers, contains further detailed information about the Commission's plans in this area Communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament — Action Programme for Reducing Administrative Burdens in the EU — Sectoral Reduction Plans and 2009 Actions, COM(2009)544 final. . In particular, the communication clarifies that the objective of the Action Programme is to cut unnecessary burdens on businesses, i.e. what can be suppressed without compromising the achievements already attained in terms of levels of protection and of reduction of occupational accidents and illnesses. Based on a recommendation from the High Level Group, the sectoral plan for working environment/employment relations annexed to the communication Annex C, point 13, of the communication. refers to the exemption of very small firms undertaking certain low risk activities from having to produce a written assessment of health and safety risks. However, the Commission wishes to emphasise that, as mentioned in the communication, such a recommendation needs careful consideration. As a first step, the Commission consulted both the Advisory Committee on Safety and Health at Work and the Committee of Senior Labour Inspectors. Both consultative bodies highlighted the essential role of risk assessment in health and safety management and the important role of a written document in supporting this. The Commission now intends to gather detailed updated information from Member States on the effective and practical implementation of the obligation of documenting the risk assessment, including online procedures that are less costly to businesses. Subsequently, it will launch a study to