on the respondent units, as well as the feasibility and effectiveness of those statistics. The report shall, if appropriate and taking into account the findings referred to in Article 4(2), be accompanied by proposals: – for introducing new environmental economic account modules, such as Environmental Protection Expenditure and Revenues (EPER)/Environmental Protection Expenditure Accounts (EPEA), Environmental Goods and Services Sector (EGSS), Energy Accounts, Environmentally Related Transfers (subsidies), Resource Use and Management Expenditure Accounts (RUMEA), Water Accounts (quantitative and qualitative), Waste Accounts, Forest Accounts, Ecosystem services Accounts, Economy-Wide Material Stock Accounts (EW-MSA) and the measurement of unused excavated earthen materials (including soil); – designed to further improve data quality and data collection methods, thereby improving the coverage and comparability of data and reducing the administrative burden on business and administration. Article 12 Committee 1. The Commission shall be assisted by the European Statistical System Committee established by Regulation (EC) No 223/2009 . That committee shall be a committee within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 . 2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 shall apply ▌. ▌ Article 13 Entry into force This Regulation shall enter into force on the twentieth day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States. Done at For the European Parliament For the Council The President The President ANNEX I MODULE FOR AIR EMISSIONS ACCOUNTS SECTION 1 Objectives Air emissions accounts record and present data on air emissions in a way that is compatible with the system of national accounts. They record national economies' emissions to air in a breakdown by emitting economic activity as delineated in ESA 95. Economic activities comprise production and consumption . This Annex defines the data to be collected, compiled, transmitted and evaluated for air emissions accounts by the Member States. Those data will be developed in a way that links emissions to economic production and consumption activities by industries and households. The direct emissions data reported under this Regulation will be combined with the economic input-output tables, supply and use tables and household consumption data that are already reported to the Commission (Eurostat) as part of ESA 95 reporting. SECTION 2 Coverage Air emissions accounts have the same system boundaries as ESA 95 and are also based on the residence principle.