and pancreas diseases. Over past five decades, it has become an established and efficient worldwide practice which tremendously improves quality of life and extents life expectancy. Moreover, organ donation is a gift and supports expression of altruism and solidarity in the society. Nonetheless, the need for organ transplantation in the European Union has increased steadily and more rapidly than the number of organs donated. Significant number of patients dies as result of the chronic shortage of organs. Serious imbalance between need and availability of organs might lead to the cases of commercialization and illegal organ trafficking which violates fundamental human rights. Meanwhile shortage of organs remains the most important challenge, there are many more with regard to the different transplantation systems applied in Member States. Since enhanced cooperation and cross border exchange between Member States has an impressive potential to increase number of transplantations, it requires the adoption of common quality and safety standards. In order to ensure high level of health protection throughout the European Union, the proposed Directive establishes common binding standards of quality and safety of human organs intended for transplantation. After adoption of the directive on quality and safety of human blood and blood components (2003), followed by the directive on quality and safety of human tissues and cells (2004), this directive seeks to encompass human organs to complete the legislation based on the Article 152 of the EC Treaty. A need for common action at European level was clearly acknowledged in the Resolution on organ donation and transplantation adopted in the European Parliament by huge majority in April 2008. Proposed Directive lays down rules to ensure high standards of quality and safety for organs of human origin intended for transplantation to the human body - in the process of donation, procurement, testing, characterization, preservation, transport and transplantation. It introduces national quality programmes specifying rules and practice of the transplantation process in Member States. It further elaborates more on process of the procurement and involved subjects including reporting system. Special attention is paid to the traceability and protection of donor and recipient. With regard to the implementation, there are provisions on designation and tasks of competent national authorities, European organ exchange organizations and exchange of organs with third countries. The rapporteur welcomes this proposal and highly appreciates its three principal aims: ensuring quality and safety for patients at EU level, ensuring protection of donors and facilitating