Answer given by Mr Andor on behalf of the Commission (6 August 2010) The Commission shares the Honourable Member’s concern at the situation of the most vulnerable members of society in the wake of the current economic crisis. It has caused huge social problems that have affected millions of households where the breadwinners have lost their jobs and main source of income. Between 2007 and 2010 the number of unemployed increased by 8 million in the EU‑27, and is today above 23 million. Nonetheless, the European Union’s response to the crisis has been robust and unified. When the crisis broke two years ago the EU agreed a public stimulus plan to inject EUR 200 billion into the real economy. To date the sums spent amount to EUR 350 billion, almost half of which has gone into measures to support the labour market and household income. This tremendous effort shows the Member States’ commitment to helping households. Without such an EU‑wide crisis response the social impact would have been much greater. As the Honourable Member is aware, in 2010 the Union launched ‘Europe 2020’, its strategy for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth. The strategy covers a number of new sectors that will be important to the EU economy in terms of employment or otherwise in the years to come. Examples include the ‘green’, care and social sectors. In addition, the proposed Integrated Guidelines accompanying the strategy, which are yet to be formally adopted by the Council, aim to develop a sound, sustainable, competitive economy based on knowledge and innovation and have a strong social dimension (one of the 10 Guidelines covers social inclusion and combating poverty). Specific measures in the fields of retraining and career reorientation for workers threatened with job losses have generally been stepped up over the past year. Member State measures adopted as a result of the crisis include the granting of higher subsidies for training places (Cyprus, Poland, Bulgaria, Sweden, Ireland and Estonia) and quicker access to the latter for registered jobseekers (United Kingdom and Finland). In some Member States, new training places have been tailored to those at risk of being laid off (Latvia and Cyprus), the self-employed (Estonia) and young people (Austria, the United Kingdom, Malta and Portugal), while in France firms are required to provide career plans, including training activities, for older workers. Training measures have focused on sectors with potentially high growth prospects,