violence; d) measurement of the real impact of the different types of violence on victims and society within Europe, in order to establish an appropriate response 2. Mapping surveys, studies and research Objective: to study phenomena related to violence. To support research activities, gender- and age-based studies and mapping surveys in the field of violence, in order, inter alia: a) to explore and assess the various causes, circumstances and mechanisms of the emergence and growth of violence; b) to analyse and compare existing prevention and protection models; c) to develop prevention and protection practice; d) to assess the impact of violence, also in terms of health, both on victims and on society as a whole, including the economic costs; e) to study the scope for developing filters which prevent the forwarding of child pornography material via the Internet; f) to develop programmes to study the situation of street children in cities and encourage specific reintegration measures. 3. Field work with the involvement of the beneficiaries Objective: to actively implement proven methods in the prevention and protection from violence. To support the implementation of methods, training modules and assistance (psychological, medical, social, educational, legal, reintegration) directly involving the beneficiaries. 4. Creation of sustainable multidisciplinary networks Objective: to support and encourage both non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and other organisations, including local public authorities (at municipal level) active in the fight against violence, to work together. To support the establishment and strengthening of multidisciplinary networks and to encourage and support co-operation between NGOs and the various organisations and public bodies, in order to improve the level of knowledge and understanding of one another's roles and to provide comprehensive multi-disciplinary support to victims of violence and to those at risk. The networks will, in particular, carry out activities to address the problems of violence geared to: a) producing a common framework for the analysis of violence, including the definition of different types of violence, the causes of violence and all its consequences, and for the implementation of appropriate multi-sector responses; b) assessing the types and effectiveness of measures and practices for the prevention and detection of violence, and for the provision of support for victims of violence, in particular to ensure that they are never again exposed to violence; c) promoting activities to tackle this problem at both international and national level. 5. Training and design of educational packages Objective: to develop educational packages on