Stefan. However, Marie-Noëlle LIENEMANN (PES, FR) feared this rule would pose a threat to research and would not boost innovation. Several MEPs, including Lena EK (ALDE, SE), who will draft the opinion of the EP's Industry Committee, Hiltrud BREYER (Greens/EFA, DE), Peter LIESE (EPP-ED, DE) and Kathy SINNOTT (IND/DEM, IE), called for any rules that applied to European products to be applied to products from non-EU countries as well. Mr Barry and Mrs Hackitt believed that globalisation of the rules was desirable in principle but Mr Wass stressed that measures must be taken at European level first so as not to waste too much time. In his view the most important thing was to push the new legislation through quickly because the current uncertainty was not good for industry. Professor Marco BRONCKERS of the University of Leiden was worried that REACH might conflict at several points with WTO law, including intellectual property rights and the treatment of imported products. Views of academic specialists and NGOs Professor Dominique BELPOMME of ARTAC told the hearing that, "on behalf of 500 signatories of the Paris appeal" , he wished to contribute to "the debate on the economic costs with data on the human costs" . He listed a number of illnesses (e.g. cancer, allergies, congenital malformations and infertility) which he said were caused by chemical pollution. According to old data, between 0.6 and 2.25% of these illnesses were caused by such pollution but, said the professor, recent studies suggested the figure was in fact between 2.5 et 25 %. Other speakers disputed this, pointing instead to the increase in life expectancy. Dr Enric Julia DANES (Ramon Lull University, Barcelona) even argued that this progress had been achieved thanks to the use of chemical products. Professor Belpomme urged that the precautionary principle be used for assessing substances and he expressed support for the quantitative approach proposed by the Commission (whereby chemical substances would be submitted to the REACH procedures depending on the quantities produced or imported). By contrast, Alain PERROY (CEFIC), who was presenting the views of industry, argued for an approach based on the assessment of substances according to their real risk for health or the environment. Professor Belpomme opposed this argument saying that risk assessment belonged to the realm of uncertainty not science. Neither toxicology nor epidemiology enabled risks to be described with certainty, he said in reply to Béatrice PATRIE (PES,