04.07.2005 DRAFT MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION with request for inclusion in the agenda for the debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law pursuant to Rule 115 of the Rules of Procedure by Luisa Morgantini, Marco Rizzo, Vittorio Agnoletto, Gabriele Zimmer on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group on Zimbabwe European parliament resolution on Zimbabwe The European Parliament , – having regard to its previous resolutions on the situation in Zimbabwe, – having regard to Rule 115(5) of its Rules of Procedure, A. whereas the government of Zimbabwe eviction campaign from Harare and other urban centres has left around 275 000 people without shelter or livelihood, according to UN estimates, B. whereas if the eviction campaign continues it will affect around a million people, C. whereas mostly the eviction campaign was done with no prior notice given to the evictees, D. whereas the government of Zimbabwe denied until recently the existence of the humanitarian crisis in which the evicted population found themselves without any access to humanitarian aid, E. whereas with over 24% HIV prevalence, decreasing access to health services can severely increase mortality rates as well as increase HIV transmission, F. whereas the humanitarian situation of the country is very critical and some 9 million people now live below the poverty line, G. whereas South Africa's quiet diplomacy did not deliver the expected result of a compromise end of the country's political crisis, 1. Condemns the forced evictions of thousands of people from Harare and other urban cities conducted by the government of Zimbabwe which constitute a blatant violation of human rights; 2. Notes the appointment of a UN Special Envoy and expects an objective investigation into the eviction and destruction of the shanty dwellings and calls for an end to such action; 3. Calls upon the government of Zimbabwe to respect international conventions on human rights, freedom of opinion and to guarantee the independence of the judiciary system; 4. Calls on African Union to implement the African Commission on Human and People's Rights recommendation calling on Zimbabwe to restore impartial judiciary and security forces, cease arbitrary arrests of political opponents and revise restrictive media and security legislation; 5. Calls on the government of Zimbabwe to facilitate urgent delivery of humanitarian assistance to the population, including by NGOs with transparent distribution mechanisms, 6. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Commission, the