the Member States to take vigorous measures against all forms of violence against disabled women and girls. Almost 80% of disabled women are victims of violence, and the risk of sexual violence is four times higher for them than for other women. Violence is not only a frequent occurrence in the lives of disabled women, but is on many occasions the very cause of the disability; 9. Calls on the Commission to focus particularly on combating violence against women with disabilities within the framework of the Daphne programme; 10. Calls on the Commission to urge the Member States to introduce legislation to protect the rights of disabled women in cases of sexual abuse and violence in public and within their home environments; 11. Calls on the Member States to promote access to education, training and employment for women with disabilities in mainstream surroundings, so as to permit their genuine integration into society and the development of their autonomy, self-esteem and self-defence, and thereby avoid the negative effects of over-protection; 12. Calls on the Member States to introduce special measures to facilitate disabled women's access to justice. The personnel involved (solicitors, prosecutors, etc.) should be trained accordingly; 13. Calls on the Member States to adopt measures to boost the participation of women with disabilities in political life and decision-making processes; 14. Calls on the Commission to introduce legislation to protect girls and women from the disabling practice of genital mutilation. These practices should be eliminated through educational programmes for women and men and legislative measures in criminal law; 15. Urges the Commission and the Member States to take action in the development co-operation to protect girls and women from genital mutilation, which is to be considered as a crime in accordance with the Platform for Action of the UN Conference on Women; 16. Calls on the Commission and the Member States to introduce measures to remedy the general lack of information and facilitate access to sexual and reproductive health services for women with disabilities.