with the Commission, shall develop a monitoring system that is able to accurately estimate the total recreational catches from each stock. Recreational fisheries shall comply with the objectives of the Common Fisheries Policy. Amendment 50 Proposal for a regulation Article 47 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. Catches of species subject to a multiannual plan by recreational fisheries shall be counted against the relevant quotas of the flag Member State. The Member States concerned shall establish a share from such quotas to be used exclusively for the purpose of recreational fisheries . 3. Where a recreational fishery is found to have a significant impact , catches shall be counted against the relevant quota of the flag Member State. The Member State may establish a share from such quota to be used exclusively for the purpose of that recreational fishery . Amendment 51 Proposal for a regulation Article 48 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. Where a minimum size has been fixed for a given species, operators responsible for selling, stocking or transporting must be able to prove the geographical origin of the products expressed by reference to a sub-area and division or sub-division, or where applicable statistical rectangle in which catch limits apply pursuant to Community legislation. 3. Operators responsible for selling, stocking or transporting must be able to prove the geographical origin of the products expressed to the same level of detail as under Article 14(1). Justification Many of the documents require different levels of detail concerning the area of capture. It is simplest to standardise this, at the level included in the logbook. Amendment 5 2 Proposal for a regulation Article 50 – paragraph 2 d a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment da) the area of capture, to the same level of detail as under Article 14(1) ; Justification The proposal currently has several different forms of wording for how the geographical origin of the fish should be described in the various documents. This and other amendments seek to standardize it, for ease of application. Amendment 5 3 Proposal for a regulation Article 54 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Registered buyers, registered auctions or other bodies or persons which are responsible for the first marketing of fishery products landed in a Member State, shall submit electronically, within 2 hours after the first sale,