are no guarantees that this integrated approach will work. It is therefore necessary to review this approach in time for the revision of the EU budget. Amendment 4 Recital 5 a (new) (5a) The Member States agreed in Malahide in 2004 that arrangements needed to be established to ensure adequate financing for the Natura 2000 network, including Community co-financing. Since this Regulation will only finance best-practice or demonstration measures related to the management of Natura 2000 sites, the Commission and Member States will need to ensure that sufficient funds are made available through other instruments for the management of the network, the annual cost of which is estimated to be around € 6 100 million for the EU as a whole. Justification Amendment 3 of first reading in a modified form . Amendment 5 Recital 20 (20) The implementing measures that this Regulation empowers the Commission to adopt are management measures relating to the implementation of a programme with substantial budgetary implications within the meaning of Article 2(a) of Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission 1 . Certain implementing measures should therefore be adopted in accordance with the management procedure provided for in Article 4 of that Decision. However, this Regulation establishes a general framework and will apply for seven years. Community and national priorities are likely to evolve significantly during this period. This Regulation also defers many essential decisions to multi-annual strategic programmes and national annual work programmes. These issues are of critical concern to individual Member States and of crucial importance for their national environmental policy. It is therefore more appropriate for certain other measures to be adopted in accordance with the regulatory procedure provided for in Article 5 of Decision 1999/468/EC, in order to give Member States the option of bringing proposed measures before the Council for consideration. The regulatory procedure is also appropriate for the adoption of amendments to the Annexes to this Regulation, which specify essential provisions, in particular the measures eligible for funding, and for the laying down of implementing rules other than the technical measures explicitly mentioned in this Regulation , (20) This Regulation defers many essential decisions to multi-annual strategic programmes and national annual work programmes. These issues are of critical concern to individual Member States and of crucial importance for their national environmental policy. It is