means to belittle the gift and the dignity of the deceased or living donor. The European Parliament acknowledged this specific requirement already in its resolution of 22 April 2008 (Resolution on organ donation and transplantation ( A6-0090/2008 ), § 22) and the Commission took it up in § 23 of its Explanatory Memorandum. Amendment 60 Proposal for a directive Article 13– paragraph 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1 a. The principle of non-payment shall not prevent living donor s from receiving compensation, provided it is strictly limited to making good the expenses and inconveniences related to the donation. For such cases , Member State shall define the conditions under which compensation may be granted, while avoiding any financial incentives or benefit for a potential donor. Amendment 61 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 3 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3a. The Commission, in close cooperation with Member States, the European Parliament and relevant stakeholders, shall examine the possibility of developing a system whereby the wishes expressed by citizens consenting to the donation of organs after they are deceased are taken into account in as many Member States as possible. Justification As people live, travel and work in several countries of the European Union, they also die in other countries than the one of which they are citizens or residents. Amendment 62 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 3 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3 b . Member States shall ensure that systems and registers are in place which are easily accessible for the purposes of recording the wishes of future donors , and that the competent authorities give priority to the wishes expressed by a donor over any possible contrary wishes of a spouse, first-degree relative or other person . Justification Member States should be urged to ensure that there are systems in place to communicate a wish to become a donor and that this expressed wish should be respected as a priority. Amendment 63 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 3 c (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3c . Member States shall ensure that organs are allocated to recipients according to transparent, non-discriminatory and scientific criteria. Justification This rule regarding the allocation of organs is the direct result of the application of the principles of equality and of justice in healthcare