administrative burden decentralised bodies create for the budget, but also because of the risk of intergovernmental influence on common policies through the presence of Member States' representatives on their management boards and the lack of democratic accountability to the European Parliament. 32. Moreover, it called for an approach similar to that requested for the Commission's administrative expenditure, based on the establishment of a binding ceiling for the agencies, outside the Financial Perspective table, which can be increased only by a decision of the budgetary authority using all means offered by the future Interinstitutional Agreement. 33. A balance will have to be found over the next period between the increase of the needs for agencies and the development of new policies. Therefore, the standing rapporteur fully endorses the proposal made by the Temporary Committee to ring fence the amounts for the agencies in order to avoid that the development of agencies creates systematic limitation of the other programmes under the same policy area. 34. According to EP’s negotiating position A6-153/2005 , par. 38 : "Calls for an approach similar to that requested for the Commission’s administrative expenditure, based on the establishment of a binding ceiling for the agencies, outside the Financial perspective table, which can be increased only by a decision of the budgetary authority using all means offered by the future institutional agreement." and par. 41: "Intends by these means to improve control and transparency over the agencies without adverse effects on the programmes" , the structure proposed will allow full transparency over the development of agencies within their different policy areas and without prejudice of the ABB principle. 35 . A new situation might also arise in the future, when for example an evaluation shows that the working fields of agencies convert. A merger of agencies could then become a possible option, leading not to an increase but to a reduction in the number of decentralised agencies Conclusions 36. In conclusion, the rapporteurs: a) confirm the importance of the principles good governance aiming at less direct management, better control of delivery and enhanced cost-effectiveness; b) reiterate Parliament's concern over Council's and Commission's readiness to create new agencies without sufficient justification of operational needs or without adequate analysis of how to avoid duplication of tasks and increased costs; they stress that the creation of new agencies must not be justified by merely national considerations. c) stress Parliament's commitment to fully