time of sale of new products. Marking Member States shall ensure that any producer is clearly identifiable by a mark on the appliance and this mark shall specify when the appliance was put on the market. This strict marking system was considered by Parliament to be a precondition for the functioning of the concept of individual financing: only if a producer can be clearly identified can he or she be made responsible for the financing of the waste at a later stage. Collection Member States shall adopt appropriate measures to minimise the disposal of electronic waste as unsorted municipal waste and to achieve a high level of separate collection of such waste. Furthermore, a binding collection target as requested by Parliament, was agreed. Member States have to achieve a rate of separate collection of at least 4 kilos per year from each private household by the end of 2006. A new mandatory target is to be established by the end of 2008. Hazardous Substances to be banned in 2006 Karl- Heinz FLORENZ (EPP-ED, D) Report Environment and health: electrical and electronic equipments WEEE, restriction of hazardous substances RoHS Doc.: A5-/2002 Procedure : Codecision procedure (3rd reading) Debate : 17.12.2002 The second conciliation agreement relates to the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment (RoHS –Directive) and recommends that from 1 July 2006 certain substances be banned in new electrical equipment. This ban applies to lead, mercury, cadmium, polybrominated biphenyls (PBB) and polyubrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE). The aim of the directive is to approximate the laws of the Member States on the restrictions of the use of hazardous substances in electrical equipment and to contribute to the environmentally sound recovery and disposal of waste electrical and electronic equipment. Public Access to Environmental Information Eija- Riitta KORHOLA (EPP-ED, FIN) Report on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a European Parliament and Council directive on public access to environmental information and repealing Council Directive 90/313/EEC (PE-CONS 3667/2002 – C5-0512/2002 – 2000/0169(COD)) Doc.: A5-0435/2002 Procedure : Codecision procedure (3rd reading) Debate : 17.12.2002 Eija-Riitta KORHOLA (EPP-ED, FIN) will be recommending the approval of a conciliation agreement on public access to environmental information. Overall, Parliament's wishes to clarify the scope and purpose of the directive to promote the use of modern information technology were taken into account in the agreement reached. The contamination of the food