in the document to be voted on. By analogy with Rule 161(7), the President may seek the agreement of Parliament before doing so. 2. The duties of the President shall be to open, suspend and close sittings; to rule on the admissibility of amendments, on questions to the Council and Commission, and on the conformity of reports with these Rules; to ensure observance of these Rules, maintain order, call upon speakers, close debates, put matters to the vote and announce the results of votes; and to refer to committees any communications that concern them. 3. The President may speak in a debate only to sum up or to call speakers to order. Should he wish to take part in a debate, he shall vacate the chair and shall not reoccupy it until the debate is over. 4. Parliament shall be represented in international relations, on ceremonial occasions and in administrative, legal and financial matters by the President, who may delegate these powers. Rule 21 Duties of the Vice-Presidents 1. If the President is absent or unable to discharge his duties, or if he wishes to take part in a debate pursuant to Rule 20(3), he shall be replaced by one of the Vice-Presidents in accordance with Rule 15(2). 2. The Vice-Presidents shall also carry out the duties conferred upon them under Rules 23, 25(3) and (5) and 68(3). 3. The President may delegate to the Vice-Presidents any duties such as representing Parliament at specific ceremonies or acts. In particular, the President may designate a Vice-President to take charge of the responsibilities conferred on the President in Rules 116(3) and 117(2). Rule 22 Composition of the Bureau 1. The Bureau shall consist of the President and the 14 Vice-Presidents of Parliament. 2. The Quaestors shall be members of the Bureau in an advisory capacity. 3. If voting in the Bureau results in a tie, the President shall have the casting vote. Rule 23 Duties of the Bureau 1. The Bureau shall carry out the duties assigned to it under the Rules of Procedure. 2. The Bureau shall take financial, organisational and administrative decisions on matters concerning the internal organisation of Parliament, its Secretariat and its bodies. 3. The Bureau shall take financial, organisational and administrative decisions on matters concerning Members on a proposal of the Secretary-General or of a political group. 4. The Bureau shall take decisions on matters relating to