those civil society organisations with which the public identify and which best – i.e. most fully and competently – represent their interests. The success of civil dialogue will hang precisely on this principle of representativeness; in other words on the involvement of all key stakeholders in the areas covered by the dialogue (EU institutions; national, regional and local authorities; European political parties; non-governmental organisations and other civil society representatives). Civil dialogue is, by its very nature, two-sided and reciprocal. So it is not enough for the EU simply to provide the public with information on its activities; it also needs to find the time to listen to what the public are saying. They must also be given the assurance that their ideas and concerns will be treated with respect and taken into account by the EU institutions. Furthermore, the principle of reciprocity requires participants to be given feedback on the action taken on the proposals put forward during the dialogue. This should give the social partners greater influence over the decisions taken within the EU. What is more, with a view to the selection of partners, a balance needs to be struck between the public and private sectors and representatives of social organisations and experts need to be afforded equal treatment. Principle of transparency. When selecting the parties to be invited to take part in the dialogue, the EU institutions should act with the utmost transparency . With a view this, the rapporteur proposes that, among other things, lists of the organisations that have been involved in consultations and have submitted their views and suggestions should be systematically published. When consultations are opened, the Union should appoint an EU contact person for civil society organisation representatives. In turn, in connection with decisions taken under EU policies, non-governmental organisations (both European and national) should state clearly and openly whom and whose interests they represent. This will enable lobbyists to be told apart from genuine civil society representatives. Rules governing the conduct of civil dialogue Reference should be made here to the Commission's 2002 communication on a reinforced culture of consultation and dialogue, which lays down basic principles for the conduct of public consultations by the Commission. The communication stresses that all target groups should be involved in consultations, that they should be given all the information they require in order to be able to express their views on the documents or