reinforced by Article 188 D added by the Treaty of Lisbon, requires that 'the Union's development cooperation policy and that of the Member States complement and reinforce each other', requiring the Member States and the Union to strive towards enhanced donor coordination and a better division of labour, which will contribute to greater aid effectiveness, K. whereas there is a risk that the ambitious objectives of the European Consensus for Development, including other political ones such as migration and trade, could dilute the focus on development and undermine the consensus achieved in the international aid agenda on poverty reduction as a result of lack of consistency between the various EU policies, and whereas in this context Paragraph 35 of the European Consensus for Development states that 'it is important that non-development policies assist developing countries' efforts in achieving the MDGs', L. whereas the brain drain has led to a critical shortage of health workers and other key skilled personnel in developing countries which in turn frequently prevents being effectively delivered on the ground, M. whereas the aid system is getting increasingly complex, marked by a proliferation of aid channels, fragmentation of aid flows, increased earmarking of aid, emerging economies becoming more powerful actors in their co-operation with developing countries, leading to the fragmentation of aid and overlapping donor activities at global, country or sector level, N. whereas in the coming years, one of the institutional challenges will be how to best integrate the 12 new members of the EU in their role as emerging donors, as some of these donors find it difficult to conform to the standard development co-operation guidelines of the aid system promoted by the OECD's DAC, O. whereas this situation could be an obstacle to effective aid provision, P. whereas the current system of allocating aid too often falls short, with many poor countries and critical areas, such as health, education, social cohesion and gender equality, receiving small aid allocations, Q. whereas the EU is committed to tackling the question of ‘orphaned’ or neglected countries and sectors in the context of its above-mentioned Code of Conduct on Division of Labour in Development Policy, beginning to look at allocations into situations of fragility, R. whereas Parliament, through the scrutiny mechanism of the Development Cooperation instrument (DCI) established by the Regulation (EC) No. 1905/2006 Regulation (EC) No. 1905/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18