(EC) No 2099/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 1. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 23a concerning the operational working methods of the Agency for conducting the inspections referred to it in Article 3 paragraph 1. Justification Updating to take account of the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon. The Szájer report (adopted by Plenary on 5 May 2010) says Parliament should be on an equal footing with the Council with respect to all aspects of the power of legislative delegation. It also calls for an alignment of existing legislation to reflect the new Treaty provisions. Amendment 82 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 8 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 23 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Articles 3 and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof. Deleted. . Amendment 83 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 8 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 23 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 23a Exercise of the delegation 1. The power to adopt delegated acts is conferred on the Commission subject to the conditions laid down in this Article. 2 . The power to adopt the delegated acts referred to in Article 23(1) shall be conferred on the Commission for a period of 5 years from [date of entry into force]. The Commission shall draw up a report in respect of the delegat ion of powers no later than 6 months before the end of the 5-year period. The delegation of power shall be tacitly extended for periods of an identical duration, unless the European Parliament or the Council opposes such extension not later than three months before the end of each period . 3. The delegation of power referred to in Article 23 may be revoked at any time by the European Parliament or by the Council. A decision to revoke shall put an end to the delegation of the power specified in that decision. It shall take effect the day following the publication of the decision in the Official Journal of the European Union or at a later date specified therein. It shall not affect the validity of any delegated acts already in force. 4. As soon as it adopts a