broad-based coalition of opposition organisations which have begun a signature drive (the Varela Project) for a national referendum for political and economic reform in the country that has already gathered more than 10,000 signatures. In May 2002 representatives of the "Todos Unidos" group delivered 11,020 voters' signatures, more than the number required to make the Varela Project a draft law under the Cuban Constitution, to the office of the National Assembly of People's Power. In addition, a meeting will take place on Tuesday 17 December, 17.30 - 19.30 in room WIC 100 to celebrate : "15 YEARS OF SAKHAROV PRIZE - Fighting for freedom of thought" 8 laureates from previous years will be present: 1. ADEM DEMACI 2. SENKA KURTOVIC chief Editor of OSLOBODJENJE 3. TASLIMA NASREEN 4. WEI JINGSHENG 5. SALIMA GHEZALI 6. CARLOS MARTINEZ GORRIARÁN in the name of BASTA YA! 7. IZZAT GHAZZAWI ZEIDAN 8. DOM ZACHARIAS KAMWENHO This meeting will be hosted by President COX. Mr BROK, President of Foreign Affairs Committee, will also address the meeting. An informal meeting between the Sakharov laureates, the MEPs and the press will also take place. Temporary Committee on Foot-and-Mouth Disease Foot and Mouth Committee Report Calls for Emergency Vaccination as a First Choice Option Wolfga ng KREISSL-DÖRFLER (Greens/EFA, D) Report on measures to control Foot and Mouth Disease in the European Union in 2001 and future measures to prevent and control animal diseases in the European Union (2002/2153(INI)) Doc.: A5-0405/2002 Procedure : Own-initiative report Debate : 17.12.2002 The Temporary Committee on Foot and Mouth Disease draft resolution calls for emergency vaccination to be a "first-choice option" in controlling any future outbreak of the disease. It also wants a ban on imports from non-EU countries where foot and mouth disease is endemic and much tougher action against illegal meat imports, which it identifies as the most likely source of the disease's entry into the EU. The committee, which adopted its findings unanimously, says the EU must reverse its current policy of keeping vaccination as a last resort. In any future outbreak, vaccination aimed at keeping animals alive must, says the committee, be considered from the outset, hand-in-hand with the immediate requirement of slaughtering livestock on infected farms and known dangerous contacts. Moreover, it believes EU institutions should "be in a position to play an essential role in the determination of the strategy for controlling FMD". The 120-paragraph draft resolution,