a proper reflection of the climate change priority and for the budget to be easier for EU citizens to understand. Airbus/Boeing WTO disputes - MEPs to quiz European Commission Helmuth MARKOV (GUE/NGL, DE), on behalf of the Committee on International Trade, will be asking the Commission questions on the Airbus/Boeing WTO disputes. Reliable space assets needed for an independent European Security and Defence Policy The European Union needs a common approach to defending its interests in space, says an own-initiative report by Security and Defence Subcommittee Chair Karl von WOGAU (EPP-ED, DE). The report underlines "the need for space assets in order that the political and diplomatic activities of the European Union may be based on independent, reliable and complete information”. Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the EC and Mauritania The Fisheries Committee adopted with 19 votes in favour and 2 against a report by Carmen FRAGA ESTÉVEZ (EPP-ED, ES) on the conclusion of the Protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and financial contribution provided for in the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and Mauritania for the period 1 August 2008 to 31 July 2012. The fishing opportunities are allocated among Spain, Italy, Portugal, Greece and France. Zimbabwe: MEPs to call for transitional government in resolution? MEPs will vote on a resolution on the situation in Zimbabwe which says a transitional government of national unity would help end the climate of terror sweeping Zimbabwe since the presidential elections campaign started. This government should also have a mandate to organise fresh presidential elections, says a draft resolution by the EP Development Committee. The resolution also asks to tighten up sanctions against members of the Mugabe regime. The government of national unity, which would include members of the MDC, the party of Morgan Tsvangirai, and members of ZANU-PF, should also help to stabilise the economy, resolve the humanitarian crisis, draft a new constitution and create the right conditions for fresh presidential elections. New rules on written questions Richard CORBETT (PES, UK) will be putting forward a report on new rules for written questions. If endorsed by plenary, this report will introduce new guidelines for MEPs wanting to table a written question to either the Council or the Commission. According to the proposed changes, written questions will have to fall within EU's competences, be concise and not contain offensive language. Formation of EP political group threshold to change? The Constitutional Affairs' committee