related to safety, prevention, protection of the environment, and contingency planning; Amendment 51 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 2 – paragraph 4 – point c (c) in providing objective, reliable and comparable statistics, information and data, the Agency shall enable the Commission and the Member States to take the necessary steps to improve their actions and to evaluate the effectiveness of existing measures. Such tasks shall include the collection, recording and evaluation of technical data, the systematic exploitation of existing databases, including their cross-fertilisation, and, where appropriate, the development of additional databases. On the basis of the data collected, the Agency shall assist the Commission in the publication of information relating to ships pursuant to Directive 2009/16/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Agency shall also assist the Commission and the Member States in their activities to improve the identification and pursuit of ships making unlawful discharges in the context of Directive 2005/35/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. (c) in providing objective, reliable and comparable statistics, information and data, the Agency shall enable the Commission and the Member States to take the necessary steps to improve their actions and to evaluate the effectiveness and cost-efficiency of existing measures. Such tasks shall include the collection, recording and evaluation of technical data, the systematic exploitation of existing databases, including their cross-fertilisation, and, where appropriate, the development of additional databases. On the basis of the data collected, the Agency shall assist the Commission in the publication of information relating to ships pursuant to Directive 2009/16/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Agency shall also assist the Commission and the Member States in their activities to improve the identification and pursuit of ships making unlawful discharges in the context of Directive 2005/35/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. Amendment 91 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 1 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 2 – paragraph 4 a (new) 4a. The Agency shall compile a yearly overview of ‘marine incidents’, which shall include ‘hazardous incidents’ and ‘near misses’, based on data submitted by the relevant national bodies of Member States. This overview shall be made available annually to the European Parliament and to the Council. Amendment 53 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 1 Regulation