act as a contact point. The national authorities may delegate tasks to other bodies. Each Member State shall inform the Commission and the Authority of the names and addresses of the designated national authorities. Article 39 Coordination by the Authority of information on MRLs The Authority shall: a) coordinate with the rapporteur Member State designated in accordance with Directive 91/414/EEC for an active substance; b) coordinate with the Member States and the Commission regarding MRLs, in particular for the purpose of fulfilling the requirements of Article 41. Article 40 Information to be submitted by the Member States Member States shall submit to the Authority, at its request, any available information necessary for the assessment of the safety of MRLs. Article 41 Database of the Authority on MRLs Without prejudice to the applicable provisions of Community and national law on access to documents, the Authority shall develop and maintain a database, accessible to the Commission and to the competent authorities of the Member States, containing the relevant scientific information and GAPs relating to the MRLs, the active substances and the processing factors set out in Annexes II, III, IV and VII. In particular it shall contain dietary intake assessments, processing factors and toxicological endpoints. Article 42 Member States and fees 1. Member States may recover the costs of work associated with setting, modifying or deleting MRLs, or with any other work arising from obligations under this Regulation, by means of a fee or charge. 2. Member States shall ensure that the fee or charge referred to in paragraph 1: a) is established in a transparent manner; and b) corresponds to the actual cost of the work involved. It may include a scale of fixed charges based on average costs for the work referred to in paragraph 1. CHAPTER IX IMPLEMENTATION Article 43 Scientific Opinion of the Authority The Commission or the Member States may request the Authority for a scientific opinion on any measure related to the assessment of risks under this Regulation. The Commission may specify the time limit within which such an opinion shall be provided. Article 44 Procedure for the adoption of the Authority's Opinions 1. When the Authority's opinions pursuant to this Regulation require only scientific or technical work involving the application of well-established scientific or technical principles they may, unless the Commission or a Member State objects, be issued by the Authority without consulting the scientific