the Commission Amendment f) fishing activities with bottom gears in areas not under the responsibility of a Regional Fisheries Management Organisation; f) fishing activities with bottom gears in international waters not under the responsibility of a Regional Fisheries Management Organisation; a list shall be drawn up of the gears referred to in this provision; Justification A detailed list of such gears should be drawn up because they may have a wider impact on the marine ecosystem . Amendment 19 Proposal for a regulation Article 9 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. A fishing vessel exceeding 10 meters length overall shall have installed on board a fully functioning device which allows that vessel to be automatically located and identified through the Vessel Monitoring System by transmitting position data at regular intervals. It shall also allow the Fisheries Monitoring Centre of the flag Member State to poll the fishing vessel. For vessels exceeding 10 meters length and up to 15 meters length overall this paragraph shall apply as from 1 January 2012 . 2. A fishing vessel exceeding 10 meters length overall shall have installed on board a fully functioning device which allows that vessel to be automatically located and identified through the Vessel Monitoring System by transmitting position data at regular intervals. It shall also allow the Fisheries Monitoring Centre of the flag Member State to poll the fishing vessel. For vessels exceeding 10 meters length and up to 15 meters length overall this paragraph shall apply as from 1 July 2013 . Amendment 20 Proposal for a regulation Article 9 – paragraph 2 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2a. Financial assistance for the installation of V essel M onitoring S ystem devices shall be eligible for funding under Article 8(a) of Regulation (ES) No 861/2006. Co-financing from the Community budget shall be at the rate of 80%. Amendment 21 Proposal for a regulation Article 9 – paragraph 6 – point a Text proposed by the Commission Amendment a) operate exclusively within the territorial seas of the flag Member State or a) operate exclusively within the territorial seas of the flag Member State and Justification The derogation should be limited to vessels that fish in the territorial sea and for not longer than 24 hours. Amendment 22 Proposal for a regulation Article 11 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. The