Question for written answer P-5557/2010 to the Council Rule 117 Rebecca Harms (Verts/ALE) (14 July 2010) Subject: International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) — funding The costs of building the ITER fusion research reactor have risen by 300 % before actual building work has even started. The EU share of the costs has gone up from EUR 2.7 billion to EUR 7.25 billion. For 2012‑13 there is a gap in funding of EUR 1.4 billion. At the Competitiveness Council on 26 May 2010 ministers were unable to agree on funding questions, as they refused to place an additional burden on national budgets during the economic crisis. In its draft conclusions the Council recognises that the Member States will not cover additional costs, that the ITER budget may be limited and revised downwards and that the debate on funding is to be postponed until the end of 2010. Priority is to be given to making funding available through redistribution by the Commission of budget lines under heading 1A. 1. What impact will the redistribution of budget lines under heading 1A have on the EU's strategic goals (climate goals, EU 2020)? 2. Why have no funding proposals been put forward for the period after 2013, for which the highest annual costs are forecast? 3. Why has the possibility of a withdrawal from the ITER project not been considered, which, with costs of around EUR 4.5 billion, is currently the most cost-effective option? 4. Why has a moratorium on the project not been considered, to allow the usefulness of the project to be re-examined? 5. On what basis is the Council giving a mandate to the Commission to agree to the baseline for the ITER project, before budgetary and funding issues have been finally resolved? 6. Why has the Council, despite the serious budgetary implications of the project at EU level, — not involved Parliament in the decision-making process and informed its MEPs of the results of the working party? — not initiated a debate at ministerial level? — not provided the European public with information?