networking of cultural institutes and universities, navigation around virtual collections, the development of virtual tourism, and distance vocational and continuing training) . At the same time, experiments of public/private partnerships based on the principle of mutual benefit, started under the INFO2000 programme, should be accelerated and expanded. Participation of EU applicant countries in the initiatives of this action line will facilitate future integration. A better management of information (e.g. land registers) in these countries is of vital importance for creating a transparent legal framework as well as the functioning of the internal market after accession , but this should be achieved principally via pre-accession arrangements . (Amendment 41) Annex I(1), second paragraph Within this action line the use of language technology applications will be promoted among the administrations of Member States and the EU institutions. Within this action line the use of language technology applications will be promoted among the administrations of Member States , local authorities, public bodies, firms, associations and the EU institutions. (Amendment 42) Annex I(1), third paragraph The public sector collects and produces vast amounts of information, much of which is of interest to individuals and businesses, and which can be the raw material for value-added information services produced by the content industries. There are however, many barriers for the transformation of this enormous potential into saleable products and services. Demonstration projects that can be used as examples of good practices and that will allow to identify practical problems in public/private partnerships, will help to redress this situation. These projects will serve as catalysts to further developments in this field. The public sector collects and produces vast amounts of information, much of which is of interest to individuals and businesses, and which can be the raw material for value-added content produced by the content industries. There are however, many barriers for the transformation of this enormous potential into saleable products and services. Demonstration projects that can be used as examples of good practices and that will allow to identify practical problems in public/private partnerships, will help to redress this situation. These projects will serve as catalysts to further developments in this field. (Amendment 43) Annex I(1), fourth paragraph Preliminary actions have started under the INFO2000 programme, that supported a limited number of pilot and demonstration projects. Given the huge potential of this domain, experiments with public-private partnerships, aimed at the exploitation of public sector information with