of both sites of Community importance and special protection areas, while avoiding double counting. In addition, the Commission may make additional allocations to land-locked Member States. The total amount of such allocations shall not exceed 3% of the total delegated budget. However, the Commission shall ensure that no Member State 's allocation is less than an appropriate minimum allocation of between EUR 1 and 3 million per year, taking into account population density, environmental expenditure, environmental need and absorption capacity. deleted Justification Horizontal amendment: the LIFE programmes have proved their worth as an effective means of management in line with the programmes' objectives. It follows that the current management approach should continue, given that both administrations and officials are already familiarised with it. Amendment 11 Article 6, paragraph 3 3. Within the framework of the multi‑annual strategic programmes referred to in paragraph 1, Member States shall , for the part of the budget subject to delegation, submit draft national annual work programmes to the Commission for each year in the periods 2007 to 2010 and 2011 to 2013 3. For purposes of drawing up the multi‑annual strategic programmes referred to in paragraph 1, Member States shall submit draft national annual work programmes to the Commission for each year in the periods 2007 to 2010 and 2011 to 2013. These shall, as a minimum and for each year: These shall, as a minimum and for each year: (a) identify priority areas taking account of identified long term needs; (b) outline specific national objectives; (c) describe the measures to be financed and how they meet the eligibility criteria set out in Article 3; (d) provide cost estimates; and (e) describe the proposed monitoring framework. (a) identify priority areas taking account of identified long term needs; (b) outline specific national objectives; (c) describe the measures to be financed and how they meet the eligibility criteria set out in Article 3; (d) provide cost estimates; and (e) describe the proposed monitoring framework. Member States may include transnational measures in their draft national annual work programmes. Member States shall include transnational measures in their draft national annual work programmes. Justification For the implementation of the multiannual programmes, the Commission will need to have enough information to allow it to take due account of the Member States' needs and potentialities. Once this information has been obtained, the programmes may be drawn up. Amendment 12 Article 6,