Question for written answer P-6180/2010 to the Commission Rule 117 Oriol Junqueras Vies (Verts/ALE) (26 July 2010) Subject: Linguistic discrimination by police officers A shocking case of linguistic discrimination occurred on 7 August 2009 in the Balearic Islands. When a young man and his girlfriend had their identity checked by the police, the young man replied in Catalan to questions put to him in Spanish (Castilian). The police officers regarded his failure to reply in Spanish as ‘a lack of respect for the authorities’, and therefore took him to a private room and physically assaulted him. It should be borne in mind that Catalan has the status of joint official language of the Balearic Islands, the other official language there being Spanish, in accordance with the Statute of Autonomy of the Balearic Islands and the Spanish Constitution. This serious example of linguistic discrimination violates the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union OJ C 364, 18.12.2000, p. 1. , which was fully incorporated into the Lisbon Treaty. Article 21(1) thereof lays down that any discrimination based on any ground such as sex, race, colour, ethnic or social origin, genetic features, language, religion or belief, political or any other opinion, membership of a national minority, property, birth, disability, age or sexual orientation shall be prohibited. This shows what efforts have yet to be made in the European Union by the public authorities and their representatives in order to ensure that members of the public are not subject to such discrimination and can fully exercise their rights. Incidentally, the assault on the young man by the police officers constitutes an attack on the integrity of the person, which is guaranteed by Article 3 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, paragraph 1 of which stipulates that everyone has the right to respect for his or her physical and mental integrity. Numerous cases of linguistic discrimination occur every day in the Union, including, as in this particular case, discrimination by public authorities. As the guardian of the Treaties, which is responsible for monitoring their implementation by the Member States, could the Commission clarify its position on these discrimination issues? What is the Commission's opinion of the case of linguistic discrimination which occurred on 7 August in the Balearic Islands, and, in general, concerning episodes in which the public authorities violate the linguistic rights recognised by the Community and national