that it is important that the European Common Aviation Area (ECAA) agreement should cover current and future EU legislation on emissions and other measures that will reduce the environmental impact of aviation; 2. Stresses the importance of the agreement in terms of creating the conditions for enlarging the Single European Sky (SES) beyond EU Member States; Safety and Security 3. Underlines the importance, therefore, of technical assistance and accession negotiations as means of obtaining the necessary consensus with non-EU and non-EEA partners in order to attain this objective; 4. Insists that all EU safety and security legislation and the recently adopted regulation on disabled passengers’ rights must be included in the operational annexe to the agreement; 5. Notes that air traffic management is included in the agreement, a fact which is important from the point of view of applying the Single European Sky rules; 6. Welcomes the advantages of reciprocal and coherent application of the Safety Assessment of Foreign Aircraft Directive by all signatories to the agreement; 7. Recalls that realising the ‘Single European Sky’ also entails flexibility of airspace, which necessitates institutionalised cooperation between military and civil authorities in the field of air traffic control; Social issues 8. Welcomes the role of the European Aviation Safety Agency in training experts, preparing manuals and providing technical advice to partner countries, as well as in helping to establish implementation mechanisms; 9. Stresses the fact that the relevant EU social laws must be complied with when implementing the agreement; 10. Notes that the agreement provides for the implementation of the EU-OPS Directive; 11. Notes that there must be prompt implementation of the commitments in the agreement and that a progress report must be submitted to the European Parliament by 31 December 2008; 12. Calls on the Commission and the Council to ensure that the European Civil Aviation Agreement reflects these key considerations and that arrangements for monitoring are established in connection with the implementation process; 13. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council and Commission.