manufacturing process’, in particular, is a clear indication that the term ‘substance’ should be seen as a product obtained from a chemical process, which may include distinct constituents. Secondly, the substance definition has to be read in conjunction with Article 10(a)(ii) and Section 2 of Annex VI REACH. In particular, it may be inferred from Sections 2.2 and 2.3 of Annex VI REACH that a substance may have more complex molecular and structural formula and is composed of constituents, including impurities and additives. Furthermore, the substance definition needs to be interpreted in line with supplementary means of interpretation, including the intention of the legislator and the general context. This is what was done over the years of application of previous chemicals legislation from which the REACH substance definition was taken over literally. It follows that there may be cases where one and the same ‘mixture’ (in the general sense) may be considered under REACH as a ‘substance’ or a ‘mixture’ depending on the way it is produced. This does not mean, however, that the same ‘mixture’ produced in the same way can be seen either as a ‘substance’ or a ‘mixture’. The difference between ‘substance’ and ‘mixture’ under REACH has to be primarily deduced from the definitions laid down in Article 3, read in conjunction with Section 2 of Annex VI. In this specific example, inverted sugar is a substance obtained through sucrose hydrolysis (acidic or enzymatic), which is a chemical reaction. The resulting substance has a particular composition of its constituents giving it certain intrinsic and physico-chemical properties and it is listed in the EINECS under number 232-393-1. This substance is not listed in Annex IV of REACH and therefore, unless it benefits from other exemptions contained in other provisions of the REACH Regulation, it is subject to the registration requirements. However, as the constituents of the substance are well known and indeed are exempt from registration as individual substances, the Commission expects that the manufactures and importers can make use of Annex XI to ascertain the inherent chemical properties of the substance without performing any unnecessary tests. It is true that a mixture with similar composition can be obtained by blending glucose, fructose, sucrose and water together. In the latter case and regardless of whether this way of production would be cost efficient or economically competitive when compared to sucrose hydrolysis, the resulting mixture would be considered as