EGF Regulation, it should be ensured that the EGF supports the reintegration of individual redundant workers into employment; reiterates that assistance from the EGF must not replace actions which are the responsibility of companies by virtue of national law or collective agreements, nor measures restructuring companies or sectors; 4. Notes that the information provided on the coordinated package of personalised services to be funded from the EGF includes information on the complementarity with actions funded by the Structural Funds; reiterates its call to the Commission to present a comparative evaluation of these data in its annual reports as well; 5. Welcomes the fact that following repeated requests from the Parliament, for the first time the 2011 budget shows payment appropriations of EUR 47 608 950 on the EGF budget line 04 05 01; reminds that the EGF was created as a separate specific instrument with its own objectives and deadlines and that therefore deserves a dedicated allocation, which will avoid transfers from other budget lines, as happened in the past, which could be detrimental to the achievement of the various policies objectives; 6. Approves the decision annexed to this resolution; 7. Instructs its President to sign the decision with the President of the Council and to arrange for its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union; 8. Instructs its President to forward this resolution, including its annex, to the Council and the Commission. ANNEX: DECISION OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL on the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund in accordance with point 28 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17 May 2006 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on budgetary discipline and sound financial management (application EGF/2010/022 DK/LM Glasfiber from Denmark) THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION, Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, Having regard to the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17 May 2006 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on budgetary discipline and sound financial management OJ C 139, 14.6.2006, p. 1. , and in particular point 28 thereof, Having regard to Regulation (EC) No 1927/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 December 2006 establishing the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund OJ L 406, 30.12.2006, p. 1. , and in particular Article 12(3) thereof, Having regard to the proposal from the Commission OJ C […], […],