Answer given by Ms Kuneva on behalf of the Commission (23 November 2007) The Commission is aware of some of the problems experienced by consumers when hiring cars. The existing European legislation already provides consumers with some protection in respect of car hire contracts. Consumers' rights in respect of standard rental contracts are safeguarded by the Unfair Contract Terms Directive Council Directive 93/13/EC of 5 April 1993 on unfair terms in consumer contracts, OJ L 95, 21.4.1993. . This directive aims at preventing significant imbalances in the rights and obligations of consumers on the one hand, and of sellers and suppliers on the other hand. This general requirement is supplemented by a list of terms which may be regarded as unfair. Terms which are found by a national court, tribunal or administrative body to be unfair under the directive are not binding on consumers. The directive also requires contract terms to be drafted in plain and intelligible language and states that ambiguous terms must be interpreted in a way which is favourable to the consumer. Practices like those mentioned by the Honourable Member may also fall under the scope of the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive Directive 2005/29/EC of Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2005 concerning unfair business-to-consumer commercial practices in the internal market and amending Council Directive 84/450/EEC, Directives 97/7/EC and 2002/65/EC of Parliament and of the Council and Regulation (EC) No 2006/2004 of Parliament and of the Council (‘Unfair Commercial Practices Directive’), OJ L 149, 11.6.2005. , adopted on 11 May 2005. The new laws transposing the directive will enhance cross-border trade and provide a high common level of consumer protection. They must be applicable by December 2007 in the Member States. The directive covers misleading actions and omissions and requires traders to operate in conformity with the requirements of professional diligence Annex I of Directive, 2005/29/EC ‘Commercial practices which are in all circumstances considered unfair’. . Under the directive, any information which the consumer needs in order to make an informed choice must be displayed clearly. In particular, based on the circumstances of the individual case, failure to provide the consumer with appropriate (i.e. complete and truthful) information relating — for instance — to the purpose of an insurance policy or to all charges and fees associated with the provision of a service may constitute an unfair practice under the directive. The Commission is currently