cooperation and by mutual agreement. 3. The procedure laid down in Rule 216 shall apply where, in order to ensure the coherence and quality of the text in accordance with the will expressed by Parliament, adaptations are required which go beyond corrections of typographical errors or corrections necessary to ensure the concordance of all language versions, their linguistic correctness and their terminological consistency. 4. Positions adopted by Parliament under the ordinary legislative procedure shall take the form of a consolidated text. Where Parliament's vote was not based on an agreement with the Council, the consolidated text shall identify any amendments adopted. 5. After finalisation, the texts adopted shall be signed by the President and the Secretary-General and published in the Official Journal of the European Union . Rule 181 Verbatim reports 1. A verbatim report of the proceedings of each sitting shall be drawn up in all the official languages. 2. Speakers shall return corrections to typescripts of their speeches to the Secretariat within one week. 3. The verbatim report shall be published as an annex to the Official Journal of the European Union . 4. Members may ask for extracts from the verbatim report to be translated at short notice. Rule 182 Audiovisual record of proceedings Immediately after the sitting, an audiovisual record of the proceedings, including the soundtrack from all interpretation booths, shall be produced and made available on the internet. TITLE VII COMMITTEES AND DELEGATIONS CHAPTER 1 COMMITTEES - SETTING-UP AND POWERS Rule 183 Setting-up of standing committees On a proposal from the Conference of Presidents, Parliament shall set up standing committees whose powers shall be defined in an annex to these Rules of Procedure See Annex VII. . Their members shall be elected during the first part-session following the re-election of Parliament and again two and a half years thereafter. The powers of standing committees can be determined at a time other than that at which the committee is set up. Rule 184 Setting-up of special committees On a proposal from the Conference of Presidents, Parliament may at any time set up special committees, whose powers, composition and term of office shall be defined at the same time as the decision to set them up is taken; their term of office may not exceed 12 months, except where Parliament extends that term on its expiry. As the powers, composition and term of office of special committees