and improving surveillance. All Community vessels will be controlled by satellite. The three amendments proposed by the rapporteur are " standard " for all fishing agreements, since the EP feels that it is badly informed about their negotiation and application. Under the agreement, 35 freezer tuna seiners will operate in Mozambican waters (18 French and 17 Spanish) and 14 surface longliners (8 Spanish, 5 Portuguese and 1 French). Council Regulation on compensatory scheme for fisheries in remote regions Margie SUDRE (EPP-ED, F) Report on Fisheries: extra costs, remoteness of Azores, Madeira, Canary Is., Guyana, Réunion (amend. regul 1587/98 579/2002/EC) Doc.: A5-0411/2003 Procedure : Consultation Debate : 03.12.2003 The Commission is proposing a regulation to compensate the fisheries industry in the EU's outermost regions (Azores, Madeira, Canary Islands and French DOMs Guyana and Réunion). Not only do these regions have a " per capita " income below the EU average, they also rely more on traditional industries than the continental EU. However, their fisheries industry faces several additional costs when marketing its products overseas (transport, insurance, energy, packaging etc). An EU scheme has therefore been in place since 1992 to assist producers with marketing certain products (there is a list of products in the explanatory statement). The regulation now proposed continues the existing scheme, which the Commission considers a success, providing a more stable framework for the businesses involved (this regulation replaces the previous decisions ). The budget for the 2003-7 period has been cut from € 17 million to € 15 million. The rapporteur, Margie SUDRE (EPP-ED, F), proposed two changes in committee. One is change the legal basis to Article 299 (2) of the Treaty, which is consensual. The second was to introduce " modulation " between regions, i.e. those with a higher rate of execution would get more money the next year. Mrs Sudre (who is from Réunion) was defending the interests of the 2 French DOMs, who have a higher rate of execution. The idea was naturally not popular in the other regions. Therefore the committee is proposing a compromise amendment stating that modulation will first place inside the outermost regions belonging to a Member State and that it will not affect the distribution of funds between Member-States under the regulation (see exact text of amendment 3). Remote and outlying regions: management of fishing fleets Margie SUDRE (EPP-ED, F) Report on the proposal for a Council regulation