89/666/EEC and 2009/101/EC. They should continue to use their domestic registration number for their own communication purposes. (15) It should be made possible to establish a clear connection between the register of a company and the registers of its branches opened in other Member States, consisting in the exchange of information on the opening and termination of any winding-up or insolvency proceedings of the company and on the striking-off of the company from the register, if this entails legal consequences in that Member State. While Member States should be able to decide on the procedures they follow with respect to the branches registered in their territory, they should ensure, at least, that the branches of a dissolved company are removed from the register without undue delay and, if applicable, after liquidation proceedings of the branch. This obligation should not apply to branches of companies that have been removed from the register but which have a legal successor, such as in the case of any change in the legal form of the company, a merger or division, or a cross-border transfer of its registered office. (16) This Directive should not apply to a branch opened in a Member State by a company which is not governed by the law of a Member State, as provided for in Article 7 of Directive 89/666/EEC. (17) Directive 2005/56/EC should also be amended in order to ensure that communication between registers is carried out through the system of interconnection of registers. (18) Member States should ensure that any changes of information, entered in the registers concerning companies are updated without undue delay. The update should be disclosed, normally, within 21 days from receipt of the complete documentation regarding those changes, including the legality check in accordance with national law. This time-limit should be interpreted as requiring Member States to make reasonable efforts in order to meet the deadline laid down in this Directive. It shall not be applicable as regards the accounting documents which companies are obliged to submit for each financial year. This exclusion is justified by the overload on the domestic registers during reporting periods. In accordance with general legal principles common to all Member States, the time-limit of 21 days should be suspended in cases of force majeure. ▌ (19) Should the Commission decide to develop and/or operate the platform through a third party, this should be done in accordance with Council