Answer given by Mr Potočnik on behalf of the Commission (9 December 2005) The cost for developing a drug today is generally estimated to be in the range of USD 800 million to USD 1 billion. The high rate of failure during the drug development process also means that Research and Development (R & D) costs incurred for drugs for which the development is discontinued also must be recovered by the successful drug candidates. The Honourable Member refers to an article published in the Financial Times that mentions the report ‘The New Landscape of Neglected Disease drug development’ which was produced by the London School of Economics and published by the Wellcome Trust. This report suggests that public private partnerships (PPPs) may be an effective way to develop drugs for neglected diseases. It also mentions that the four new drug development PPPs conducted 46 drug development projects from 2000 to 2004 for a total direct R & D cost of USD 76 million and a total overall cost of USD 112 million. It should be noted that none of these PPPs was a complete project (i.e. from discovery to registration) and that PPPs leverage substantial in–kind inputs from multinational industrial partners and public organisations. 1. Initiatives such as Medicines for Malaria Venture, the International AIDS Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Vaccine Initiative or the International Partnership on Microbicides, have proved useful in the development of new vaccines and medicines which would otherwise lack enough market pull effect. However, PPPs are still a relatively new phenomenon for drug development. Therefore, and despite some promising starts, their capability to develop new drugs all the way to the market in a fast, efficient and cost-efficient manner has yet to be proven. 2. The EC is already contributing to PPPs through different channels or instruments. — Through its sixth research and technological development (RTD) framework programme (FP6), the EC co-finances the European and Developing Countries Clinical Trials Partnership (EDCTP) that was set up under Article 169 of the EC Treaty at the onset of FP6. Established PPPs can already receive funding from FP6 provided that they apply through an open call for proposals. The EC-funded FP6 integrated projects can also be seen as PPP’s as they are based on close collaboration between industry, including small and medium-sized enterprises and academic partners. A significant proportion of the FP6 health research funds are used for these consortia in