costs envisaged each time that a decision entailing expenditure is adopted under that policy and on any other financial considerations relating to the implementation of actions under that policy. Exceptionally, at the request of the Vice-President/High Representative, a committee may decide to hold its proceedings in camera. 3. Twice a year, a debate shall be held on the consultative document drawn up by the Vice-President/High Representative on the main aspects and basic choices of the common foreign and security policy, including the common security and defence policy and the financial implications for the Union budget. The procedures laid down in Rule 110 shall apply. (See also interpretation under Rule 121.) 4. The Vice-President/High Representative shall be invited to every plenary debate that involves either foreign, security or defence policy. Rule 97 Recommendations within the framework of the common foreign and security policy 1. The committee responsible for the common foreign and security policy may draw up recommendations to the Council in its areas of responsibility after obtaining authorisation from the Conference of Presidents or on a proposal under Rule 121. 2. In urgent cases the authorisation referred to in paragraph 1 may be granted by the President, who may likewise authorise an emergency meeting of the committee concerned. 3. During the procedure for adopting these recommendations, which must be put to the vote in the form of a written text, Rule 146 shall not apply and oral amendments shall be admissible. The non-application of Rule 146 is possible only in committee and only in urgent cases. There may be no departure from the provisions of Rule 146 either in committee meetings not declared to be urgent or in plenary sitting. The provision stating that oral amendments are admissible means that Members may not object to oral amendments being put to the vote in committee. 4. Recommendations drawn up in this way shall be included on the agenda for the next part-session. In urgent cases decided upon by the President, recommendations may be included on the agenda for a current part-session. Recommendations shall be deemed adopted unless, before the beginning of the part-session, at least 40 Members submit a written objection, in which case the committee's recommendations shall be included on the agenda of the same part-session for debate and voting. A political group or at least 40 Members may table amendments. Rule 98 Breach of human rights At each part-session,