in that decision. It shall take effect the day following the publication of the decision in the Official Journal of the European Union or at a later date specified therein. It shall not affect the validity of any delegated acts already in force. 4. As soon as it adopts a delegated act, the Commission shall notify it simultaneously to the European Parliament and to the Council. 5. A delegated act adopted pursuant to Article 23 shall enter into force only if no objection has been expressed either by the European Parliament or the Council within a period of [two months] of notification of that act to the European Parliament and the Council or if, before the expiry of that period, the European Parliament and the Council have both informed the Commission that they will not object. That period shall be extended by [two months] at the initiative of the European Parliament or of the Council. Justification This amendment and the following two adopt the same approach as the Sterckx report on reporting formalities (Directive 2010/65/EU). At a later stage, the amendments concerning delegated acts will be aligned to the Common Understanding on delegated acts. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Introduction EMSA was set up in response to the pollution caused by the loss of the oil tanker "Erika". It started operating in March 2003. The founding Regulation has been modified three times. This latest revision should aim at long-lasting changes, even if it takes more time to negotiate. The Commission's proposal The Commission's proposal is based on a 2008 consultation with EMSA's stakeholders, an external evaluation and a Commission impact assessment. It also reflects EMSA’s 5-year Strategy, adopted by its Administrative Board (where all Member States are represented). The Commission has also published a report (COM(2011)286) showing that an EU oil spill detection and monitoring system reduces costs by around 20% compared to national systems. EMSA has already been given new tasks as a result of the implementation of the third maritime safety package. It has concluded a number of "stand-by oil spill response vessel contracts" with private operators who will switch from their regular activity into pollution response mode in case of emergency. The Commission proposal would make clear that such vessels could also be used to combat pollution other sources, including oil rigs. Norway and Iceland are the only third countries who participate in EMSA. The Commission recommends extending the possibility