Judge and the General", [ "The Judge and the General is a 2008 feature-length documentary film about Juan Guzmán's attempts to bring Augusto Pinochet to justice for human rights crimes." ] ], [ "Comandante (film)", [ "Comandante is a political documentary film by American director Oliver Stone.", " In the film, Stone interviews Cuban leader Fidel Castro on a diverse range of topics.", " Stone and his film crew visited Castro in Cuba for three days in 2002, and the film was released in 2003, having its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival early that year." ] ], [ "Spacehunter: Adventures in the Forbidden Zone", [ "Spacehunter: Adventures in the Forbidden Zone is a 1983 American-Canadian space Western film.", " The film stars Peter Strauss, Molly Ringwald, Ernie Hudson, Andrea Marcovicci and Michael Ironside.", " The film's executive producer was Ivan Reitman, and it was directed by Lamont Johnson.", " The film had an adventurous music score composed by Elmer Bernstein.", " When the film came out in theaters, parts of it were shown in 3-D and the film became part of the 3-D film revival craze of the early 1980s.", " The film is about a bounty hunter who goes on a mission to rescue three women stranded on a brutal planet and meets a vagrant teenage girl along the way." ] ], [ "Island of Terror", [ "Island of Terror is a 1966 British horror film released by Planet Film Productions.", " The film was released in the US by Universal Studios on a double bill with \"The Projected Man\" (1967).", " The idea for the film came when Richard Gordon read the Gerry Fernback screenplay \"The Night the Silicates Came\".", " He partnered with Tom Blakey of Planet Films to produce this movie." ] ], [ "Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol", [ "Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol (English: \"When the River Kabani Turned Red\" ) is a 1975 Malayalam feature film directed by P. A. Backer, produced by Pavithran, and starring T. V. Chandran, Shalini, Raveendran and J. Siddiqui.", " This leftist political drama film came out during the Emergency period.", " It was the directorial debut of P. A. Backer, who won that year's awards for Best Director and Second Best Film at the Kerala State Film Awards.", " Pavithran, who later directed many critically acclaimed Malayalam films produced the film.", " T. V. Chandran, who also later went on