concerning the election of the members of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage and to Rule 4(4), second subparagraph, of its Rules of Procedure, established the vacancy of Antonio Tajani 's seat with effect from 09.05.2008 and informed the Italian authorities thereof. 11 Measures to combat the rise in oil prices (debate) Council and Commission statements: Measures to combat the rise in oil prices Janez Lenarčič (President-in-Office of the Council) and Andris Piebalgs (Member of the Commission) made the statements. The following spoke: Jean-Pierre Audy , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Hannes Swoboda , on behalf of the PSE Group, Marco Cappato , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Claude Turmes , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Gintaras Didžiokas , on behalf of the UEN Group, Dimitrios Papadimoulis , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Pervenche Berès and Jelko Kacin . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Charles Tannock , Csaba Sándor Tabajdi , Danutė Budreikaitė , Pedro Guerreiro , Czesław Adam Siekierski , José Ribeiro e Castro and Theodor Dumitru Stolojan . The following spoke: Janez Lenarčič and Andris Piebalgs . The debate closed. 12 Crisis in the fisheries sector (debate) Oral question ( O-0063/2008 ) by Philippe Morillon , on behalf of the PECH Committee, to the Council: The crisis in the fisheries sector caused by rising fuel oil prices ( B6-0162/2008 ) Oral question ( O-0064/2008 ) by Philippe Morillon , on behalf of the PECH Committee, to the Commission: The crisis in the fisheries sector caused by rising fuel oil prices ( B6-0163/2008 ) Philippe Morillon moved the oral questions. IN THE CHAIR: Marek SIWIEC Vice-President Janez Lenarčič (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the question ( B6-0162/2008 ). Joe Borg (Member of the Commission) answered the question ( B6-0163/2008 ). The following spoke: Carmen Fraga Estévez , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Rosa Miguélez Ramos , on behalf of the PSE Group, Elspeth Attwooll , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Marie-Hélène Aubert , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Pedro Guerreiro , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Jeffrey Titford , on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Struan Stevenson , Paulo Casaca , Jacky Hénin , Ioannis Gklavakis , Stavros Arnaoutakis , Cornelis Visser , Avril Doyle and Daniel Varela Suanzes-Carpegna . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Duarte Freitas , Chris Davies , Seán Ó Neachtain , Jim