the importance of ensuring security at Lithuania's borders and of pursuing the fight against illegal trafficking and organised crime. The Kaliningrad-Lithuania border is especially sensitive, as was shown by the recent corruption case involving some high-ranking customs and border officials. Lithuania is preparing to close and decommission the Ignalina nuclear power plant at the EU’s request and MEPs stress that the Commission should fulfil its commitment to Lithuania in the most satisfactory manner for both sides. Hungary Hungary has continued its efforts and its preparations for accession have maintained their momentum. Nevertheless, there is an urgent need to remedy some administrative shortcomings in the agricultural sector. The Hungarian economy has declined slightly over the past year and government and trade deficits must be tackled. Reform of health care has continued. The ‘Status Law’ regarding citizens of Hungarian extraction in neighbouring countries has been amended and the parties concerned have agreed to intensify their dialogue in order to resolve all outstanding issues. An anti-discrimination law has been adopted and a special minister appointed, but measures to combat discrimination and exclusion, especially where the Roma are concerned, should go hand in hand with broader social and development policies. MEPs were concerned about a recent proposal to have a common election list for parliamentary parties at the upcoming European elections and saw this is running counter to the basic principle of democratic elections. Legislation for fighting organised and economic crime has been improved, there have been breakthroughs in combating money laundering and an anti-corruption programme has been introduced. Nevertheless, MEPs pointed to the seriousness of corruption, leading to misappropriation of public funds, and hoped that every step will be taken to investigate and shed light on this matter. Malta Parliament welcomed the fact that all parties in Malta now unreservedly support its membership of the EU. The Maltese government has managed to align Maltese legislation with that of the EU in virtually all areas. But it should speed up the examination of asylum requests. MEPs expect that the Wild Birds Directive will be fully implemented after the transition period has expired. Poland The Polish government is determined to make every effort required to remedy the shortcomings identified in the Commission monitoring report. Public finances have been significantly reformed, measures are being taken to increase security at Poland’s eastern border and laws have been adopted to amend the codes of criminal and civil procedure.