as set out in Annex III. In addition to the results of tests stipulated in Annex III, the technical file shall include information and results of tests, as stipulated in Annexes II and IV. The tests laid down in Annex IV, point 4 shall be carried out on the basis of a tiered approach. The tiered approach will be defined in a technical guidance document to be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 12(2) by ... * 18 months after the date of entry into force of this Regulation. . This guidance document will also specify, where appropriate, those tests for which the principles of good laboratory practice should be applied. 3. The competent authority of the Member State, receiving applications for derogation in accordance with paragraphs 1 and 2, shall examine the requests, evaluate their compliance with the conditions for derogation and inform the Commission about the results within six months of receiving the complete application. If the competent authority of the Member State deems it necessary for the evaluation of the risk which may be caused by a substance and/or a preparation, it shall, within three months of receiving the application, ask for further information, verification and/or confirmatory tests concerning these substances and/or preparations or their transformation products, of which they have been notified or have received information under this Regulation. The time period for the evaluation of the dossier by the competent authority of the Member State will start only after the dossier is completed with the additional information. If the requested information is not provided within 12 months, the application shall be considered incomplete and thus invalid. In such a case Article 6(2) shall not apply. If further information on metabolites is sought, stepwise testing strategies should be employed to ensure maximum use of in-vitro and other non-animal test methods. 4. On the basis of, in particular, the evaluation carried out by the Member State, the Commission may grant a derogation in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 12(2). If necessary, before granting such derogation the Commission shall evaluate further the matters indicated in paragraph 3 of this Article. It shall take its decision within 12 months of receiving the evaluation from the Member State, except in the case of Article 5(4) and (6) of Decision 1999/468/EC where the period shall be 18 months. 5. Such derogations may allow, limit