C.G. Fichardt and E.A. Halliwell, also combined debutants, du Toit was selected for the only Test match against a touring England side led by W.W. Read in 1891/92.", " In a match won handsomely by the visitors (by an innings and 189 runs), du Toit scored 0 not out and 2 not out, took one wicket for 47 runs, the England captain’s no less, and held one catch." ] ], [ "Du Toitskloof Pass", [ "Du Toitskloof Pass (English: Du Toit's Rift) is situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa, on the Regional road R101 between Paarl and Worcester.", " The pass was named after Francois Du Toit, a 17th-century Huguenot pioneer who settled in the foothills.", " It was initially an animal track where a road was built around the time of World War II." ] ], [ "Du Toit Mountains", [ "The Du Toit Mountains ( ) are a group of mountains about 35 mi long and 10 mi wide, to the south-west of the Wilson Mountains in southeastern Palmer Land, Antarctica.", " The mountains have peaks rising to 1,700 m and are bounded by Beaumont Glacier, Maury Glacier and Defant Glacier.", " They were first photographed from the air by the U.S. Antarctic Service in 1940; rephotographed by the U.S. Navy, 1966–69, and mapped from the photographs by the U.S. Geological Survey.", " In association with the names of continental drift scientists grouped in this area, they were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Alexander du Toit, a South African geologist who was an early proponent of the theory of continental drift." ] ], [ "Du Toit Nunataks", [ "The Du Toit Nunataks ( ) are a group of nunataks between Cornwall Glacier and Glen Glacier, marking the western end of the Read Mountains, Shackleton Range.", " They were photographed from the air by the U.S. Navy, 1967, and surveyed by the British Antarctic Survey, 1968–71.", " In association with the names of geologists grouped in this area, they were named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Alexander Logie du Toit, a South African geologist." ] ], [ "Edward Bullard", [ "Sir Edward \"Teddy\" Crisp Bullard FRS (21 September 1907 – 3 April 1980) was a geophysicist who is considered, along with Maurice Ewing, to have founded the discipline of marine geophysics.", " He developed the theory of the geodynamo, pioneered