to members of the nuclear family, that is to say the spouse and the minor children. It is for States to decide whether they wish to extend this category and authorise family reunification for relatives in the ascending line, children who are of full age and unmarried partners. (11) Family reunification applies to members of the nuclear family, that is to say the spouse, and the minor children. Registered or unmarried partners, irrespective of sex, shall be eligible for family reunification, where the legislation or practice of the host Member State treats unmarried and registered partners in a corresponding manner to married couples. It is for the Member States to decide whether they wish to extend this category and authorise family reunification for relatives in the ascending line and for children who are of full age. Justification The amendment seeks to reflect and respect the diversity of family relationships that exist in today’s society. Amendment 11 Recital 11 a (new) (11a) Family reunification also applies to children of full age and to relatives in the ascending line where such persons have no other means of family support in the country of origin and are objectively unable to provide for their own needs on account of their state of health. Justification Exceptional circumstances where the applicant’s relatives in the ascending line or children of full age are dependent on the applicant and are objectively unable to see to their own basic needs owing to poor health and the absence of any means of family support should also be adequately taken into account. Amendment 12 Recital 12 (12) A set of rules governing the procedure for examination of applications for family reunification and for entry and residence of family members should be laid down. Those procedures should be effective and manageable, taking account of the normal workload of the Member States' administrations, as well as transparent and fair, in order to offer appropriate legal certainty to those concerned. (12) A set of rules governing the procedure for examination of applications for family reunification and for entry and residence of family members should be laid down. Those procedures should be effective as well as transparent and fair, in order to offer appropriate legal certainty to those concerned. Justification Amendment 13 Recital 15 (15) In accordance with the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty, the objectives