does not threaten their security; 9. Points out that the European Union has in recent years, demonstrated its will and its capacity to assume a share of the burden of defending itself, initially through the Petersberg tasks and the development of the European security and defence policy; 10. Asks the US, therefore, not to develop a missile defence system without genuine and thoroughgoing multilateral consultations, and not to withdraw unilaterally from the ABM Treaty; 11. Insists that the most important step that the United States and the European Union can take, in the interests of their own and global security, is to work together to tackle the urgent threats to security which now come from nuclear proliferation, poverty, ethnic and religious conflict, terrorism, lack of democracy and environmental degradation; 12. Deplores the US Administration's unilateral announcement in March 2001 that the USA would not implement the Kyoto Protocol; recalls that the United States is the world's biggest polluter and single biggest contributor to climate change and that an overwhelming consensus of international scientific opinion has identified climate change as the gravest environmental threat facing the world; considers that the international reputation of the USA will be gravely damaged if it does not accept its responsibility to make a commensurate contribution to a solution; 13. Insists that multilateral talks on the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol must continue and invites the United States to participate constructively in those talks; 14. Hopes that a final agreement on the trade in bananas will pave the way to the solution of other outstanding trade disputes; 15. Welcomes the decision taken jointly by the European Parliament delegation to Seattle in 1999 and the agricultural caucus of the American Congress to pursue their regular exchanges of views on agricultural issues; 16. Believes that the impact of WTO Disputes Panel findings on sensitive areas of domestic policy on either side of the Atlantic - including, for example, tax law, food safety and consumer sovereignty - demonstrates the need both for reform of WTO rules and procedures, and for the EU and USA to devote greater effort to achieving, where possible, diplomatic and negotiated solutions to problems of transatlantic trade; 17. Considers it necessary, in the context of transatlantic dialogue, to call on the various States of the USA where the death penalty exists to abolish it; 18. Wishes to launch a dialogue with the USA on the