2004/C 783 E/160 WRITTEN QUESTION E-3640/03 by Herbert Bösch (PSE) and Johannes Swoboda (PSE) to the Commission (9 December 2003) Subject: Withdrawal of direct cross-border rail connections From 14 December 2003 new train timetables will become operational in Austria, Switzerland and Germany. Certain direct overnight train services, viz. Vienna/Brussels (EN 324 Donau Walzer), Brussels/Vienna (EN 325 Donau Walzer), Brussels/Chur (D 499) and Chur/Brussels (D 499) no longer appear in the new timetables. The Vienna/Amsterdam, Amsterdam/Vienna direct overnight connection had already been withdrawn in mid-December 2002. These services are being or have been discontinued even although the trains were and are generally well used, and gave a significant boost to summer and Christmas tourism in resorts in Austria. Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB) were concerned to maintain the service to and from Brussels and Amsterdam, but the railway companies in Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands were opposed, for various reasons, to continuing them. ÖBB does not, however, have the capacity to maintain these trans-European rail connections on its own. Can the Commission state how many direct trains between Member State capitals and third-countries bordering on the EU have been withdrawn in the last five years? What action is the Commission taking to promote cross-border passenger transport, in particular against the backdrop of EU initiatives to promote trans-European networks? What arrangements is the Commission making to ensure that the liberalisation process at European level will not mean a deterioration in the service to users? Can the Commission provide a breakdown of the take-up of TEN appropriations by Member State over the last five years? What impact does failure to implement railway projects have on rail users? Can the Commission Member responsible state what trends have been identified in cross-border freight and passenger traffic by road and by rail in the European Union since 1995, and provide a forecast of future trends over the next ten years? What has been the trend in transit traffic through Austria since 1995, and what scenarios does the Commission Member anticipate for Austrian transit traffic over the next ten years? What priority should, in the Commission Member's opinion, be set for cross-border freight and passenger traffic in coming years in the European Union, in Austria in particular, as between rail or road? What will be the impact on the ease of access to particular European regions by public transport? What actions has the Commission already taken to implement