of a Community fishing vessel exceeding 10 meters length overall shall transmit landing declaration data by electronic means to the competent authorities of the flag Member State within 2 hours after completion of the landing. 2. Without prejudice to specific provisions contained in multiannual plans, the master or his representative of a Community fishing vessel exceeding 10 meters length overall shall transmit landing declaration data by electronic means to the competent authorities of the flag Member State within 6 hours after completion of the landing. Justification This is to change the time limit, raising it from 2 hours to a minimum of 6 hours, given that the vessel traffic in auction centres, logistics and arrangements for the landing and sales system are incompatible with a shorter deadline. It should be pointed out that the notification deadline currently stands at 48 hours, which makes the radical change proposed in this proposal all the more unacceptable. It illustrates the legislator's lack of familiarity with work patterns in relation to the first sale of fresh and frozen fish. Even though this information is transmitted electronically, after collection of the data stipulated by Article 14, two hours seems too short a time. It should be borne in mind that with these being vessels of over 10 meters in length that can transport a sizeable catch and Article 14 calling for very detailed information, too short a period may mean that subsequent corrections have to be made, thus complicating and duplicating administrative procedures that are already very difficult. Amendment 3 5 Proposal for a regulation Article 21 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. Paragraph 2 shall apply to Community fishing vessels exceeding 15 meters length and up to 24 meters length overall as from 1 July 2011, and to Community fishing vessels exceeding 10 meters length and up to 15 meters length overall as from 1 January 2012 . Community vessels up to 15 meters length overall may be exempted from the application of paragraph 2 if they: 4. Paragraph 2 shall apply to Community fishing vessels exceeding 15 meters length and up to 24 meters length overall as from 1 July 2011, and to Community fishing vessels exceeding 10 meters length and up to 15 meters length overall as from 1 July 2013. Community vessels up to 15 meters length overall may be exempted from the application of paragraph 2