should be provided in accessible formats and from the moment of reservation, so that passengers are informed of anticipated delays, cancellations, etc. Furthermore, the use of common models would facilitate the building-up of interoperable and intermodal passenger information and ticketing. Amendment 46 Council position – amending act Article 24 - paragraph 1 Council position Amendment (1) Carriers and terminal managing bodies shall, within their respective areas of competence, ensure that passengers are provided with appropriate and comprehensible information regarding their rights under this Regulation at the latest on departure. The information shall be provided at terminals and where applicable, on the Internet . This information shall include contact details of the enforcement body or bodies designated by the Member State pursuant to Article 27(1). (1) Carriers and terminal managing bodies shall, within their respective areas of competence, ensure that passengers are provided with appropriate and comprehensible information regarding their rights under this Regulation upon reservation and at the latest on departure. The information shall be provided in accessible formats, and according to a common conceptual model for public transport data and systems, at terminals and where applicable, on the Internet . This information shall include contact details of the enforcement body or bodies designated by the Member State pursuant to Article 27(1). Justification It should be ensured that passengers get information on connections with other modes of transport. This will also ensure a dialogue between bus and rail passenger services. Amendment 47 Council position – amending act Article 25 Council position Amendment Carriers shall set up or have in place a complaint handling mechanism for the rights and obligations set out in Articles 4, 8 and 9 to 24 . Carriers shall set up or have in place a complaint handling mechanism for the rights and obligations set out in this Regulation . Justification The complaints handling mechanism should cover all passenger rights pursuant to this Regulation, including, for instance those laid down in Articles 6 and 7, which would not be covered by the Council's text. Amendment 48 Council position – amending act Article 26 Council position Amendment If a passenger covered by this Regulation wants to make a complaint to the carrier with regard to Articles 4, 8 and 9 to 24 , he shall submit it within three months from the date on which the regular service was performed or when a regular service should have been