European and national level as the best means to create more and better jobs for Europe's citizens and to strengthen Europe's competitiveness in the global economy; 33. is convinced that to better explain Europe and its policies, national, regional and local authorities should implement educational efforts, for example via the introduction of special courses in schools, European dimension in the school curricula, post-school education and training for teachers; 34. is , moreover, convinced that a positive European culture must be disseminated among regional and local public officials, who in their daily work must deal with regulations; (d) Assessment 35. invites the EU institutions and the Member States to listen to the citizens in order to evaluate the results of the debate during the period of reflection; 36. is conscious that during the period of reflection various different scenarios are likely to be discussed, but is against abandoning this Constitutional Treaty in favour of the Nice Treaty, and calls for a consensual approach towards ratification by 2009; 37. wishes to actively participate in the relaunching of the constitutional process and offers to the European Parliament support for its efforts to secure a successful outcome. Brussels, 13 October 2005 The President of the Committee of the Regions Peter Straub The Secretary-General of the Committee of the Regions Gerhard Stahl * * * N.B.: Appendix overleaf. APPENDIX Proposed CoR roadmap for a decentralised debate during the period of reflection Starting points • The period of reflection should be an active and dynamic phase of the dialogue process, with European institutions reaching out to the public in order to launch a structured, decentralised and high-quality debate on Europe, focusing on the issues which are most relevant to ordinary Europeans. • The debate should focus on governance rather than on the ratification mechanism; in view of the need to act at a level as close as possible to ordinary citizens, it should be conducted in European local authorities and regions rather than in Brussels, and the subject of the debate should be the purpose and added value of the EU, its fundamental values and policies, rather than the Constitutional Treaty. • Local and regional assemblies and executive bodies should become actively involved at an institutional level, and should participate fully in the debate on the future of the EU, while shouldering their responsibilities vis-à-vis the public. • Possible subjects for the debate: the role and