of entry into force of this Directive. Justification As Article 11(2) lays down that recovery rates are to be measured in relation to output, it is not necessary to re-examine whether the output rates should possibly be applied in future. This decision has already been taken in Article 11(2). Amendment 53 Council position Article 12 – paragraph 3 – subparagraph 1 Council position Amendment 3. For products placed on the market later than 13 August 2005, each producer shall be responsible for financing the operations referred to in paragraph 1 relating to the waste from his own products. The producer may choose to fulfil this obligation either individually or by joining a collective scheme. 3. For products placed on the market later than 13 August 2005, each producer shall be responsible for financing the operations referred to in paragraph 1 relating to the waste from his own products. The producer may choose to fulfil this obligation either individually or by joining a collective scheme. A producer may fulfil its obligation through either one or a combination of these two methods. Collective schemes shall introduce differentiated fees for producers based on how easily products and the critical raw materials they contain can be recycled. Justification Producers should be accorded maximum flexibility as regards ways of financing WEEE operations. It should therefore be possible to comply with the obligation individually or by participating in a collective system, or by means of a combination of both methods. Only producers can influence the design process, and they should therefore be given an incentive to make their products easier to recycle. Amendment 54 Council position Article 12 – paragraph 3 – subparagraph 2 Council position Amendment Member States shall ensure that each producer provides a guarantee when placing a product on the market showing that the management of all WEEE will be financed and shall ensure that producers clearly mark their products in accordance with Article 15(2). This guarantee shall ensure that the operations referred to in paragraph 1 relating to this product will be financed. The guarantee may take the form of participation by the producer in appropriate schemes for the financing of the management of WEEE, a recycling insurance or a blocked bank account. Member States shall ensure that each producer provides a guarantee when placing a product on the market showing that the management of all WEEE will be financed and shall