innovation both in terms of attracting initial investment and for ensuring future revenue. Also, regulatory clarity is necessary to strengthen innovation. All applications and use of nanosciences and nanotechnologies must of course comply with the current high level of public health, safety, consumers and workers protection, and environmental protection. However, unclear toxicology- and liability-regulation unnecessarily holds back the adoption of nanotechnologies in Europe. Furthermore, international cooperation in nanosciences and nanotechnologies is needed, both with countries that are economically and industrially advanced, as with those less advanced to secure their access to knowledge and avoid any 'nano divide' or 'knowledge apartheid'. Particular attention must be paid to cooperation with countries covered by the European Neighbourhood Policy and those with existing S&T cooperation agreements. Public concerns Nanotechnology is leaping technical hurdles, but ultimately its success will depend on winning over consumers. The very aspects that make nanosciences so exciting - novel properties emerging at this scale and the ability to subtly and precisely modify these properties - raise questions about how these new substances will behave in the environment, including the human body. Uncertainties by the general public about health, safety and environmental effects can restrict available capital and prevent companies from launching products involving nanotechnologies. The coming years will therefore be decisive in demonstrating that researchers and industry take those concerns seriously. An essential element of a responsible strategy for nanosciences and nanotechnologies is to integrate not only the economic and environmental elements, but also the social, health and safety aspects to the technological development of nanotechnologies. Industry should be encouraged to take into account the wider impact of their commercial activities in nanotechnologies according to the concepts of Corporate Social Responsibility and the 'triple bottom line'-reporting of the Global Reporting Initiative. An effective dialogue should be established with all stakeholders, informing about progress and expected benefits, and taking into account expectations and concerns, both real and perceived, so to steer developments on a path that avoids negative societal impact. It is necessary to prepare an appropriate multilingual information material for different age groups to raise awareness for nanosciences and nanotechnologies and to further develop the dialogue with the public at appropriate level, in particular via the media. International Currently, the US is the acknowledged leader in nanotechnologies R&D at global level, with annual public and private investment of US $ 3 billion, accounting for more than one third of world