subject to revocation. 3. The decision of revocation shall state the reasons for the revocation and shall put an end to the delegation of the powers specified in that decision. It shall take effect immediately or at a later date specified therein. It shall not affect the validity of the delegated acts already in force. It shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union. Amendment 101 Proposal for a directive Article 26 c (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 26c Objections to delegated acts 1. The European Parliament and the Council may object to the delegated act within a period of two months from the date of notification. At the initiative of the European Parliament or the Council this period shall be extended by two months . 2. If, on expiry of that period, neither the European Parliament nor the Council has objected to the delegated act, the delegated act shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and shall enter into force on the date stated therein. 3. If the European Parliament or the Council objects to a delegated act, it shall not enter into force. The institution which objects shall state the reasons for objecting to the delegated act. Amendment 102 Proposal for a directive Article 27 - paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall bring into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by [...] at the latest. They shall forthwith communicate to the Commission the text of those provisions and a correlation table between those provisions and this Directive. 1. Member States shall bring into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by ... * at the latest. They shall forthwith communicate to the Commission the text of those provisions. * 2 years after the entry into force of this D irective. Amendment 103 Proposal for a directive Article 27 – paragraph 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1a This Directive shall not prevent a Member State from maintaining or introducing more stringent protective measures, provided that they comply with the provisions of the Treaty. Justification More stringent measures can be applied if Member States wish. This is consistent with the Tissues and Cells Directive. Amendment 104 Proposal for a directive Article 27 – paragraph 2 Text proposed