the competent courts , through the single liaison office. 3. Member States shall encourage co-operation between the competent authorities and any other bodies with a legitimate interest under national law in the cessation of intra-Community infringements to ensure that potential intra-Community infringements are notified to competent authorities without delay. Article 12 Request and information exchange procedures 1. The applicant authority shall ensure that all requests for mutual assistance contain sufficient information to enable a requested authority to fulfil the request , including any necessary evidence obtainable only in the territory of the applicant authority . 2. Requests shall be sent by the applicant authority to the single liaison office of the requested authority, after having been forwarded by the single liaison office of the applicant authority. Requests shall be forwarded by the single liaison office of the requested authority to the appropriate competent authority without delay. 3. Requests for assistance and all communication of information shall be made in writing, using a standard form and communicated electronically via the database established in Article 10 . 4. The languages used for requests and for the communication of information shall be agreed by the competent authorities in question before requests have been made. If no agreement can be reached, requests shall be communicated in the official language(s) of the Member State of the applicant authority and responses in the official language(s) of the Member State of the requested authority. 5. Information communicated as a result of a request shall be communicated directly to the applicant authority and to the single liaison offices of the applicant and requested authorities simultaneously. 6. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2). Article 13 Use of information exchanged and protection of personal data and professional and commercial secrecy 1. Information supplied may only be used for the purposes of ensuring compliance with the laws that protect consumers" interests. 2. Competent authorities may invoke as evidence any information, documents, findings, statements, certified true copies or intelligence communicated pursuant to this Regulation on the same basis as similar documents obtained in their own country. 3. Information communicated in any form to persons working for competent authorities, courts, other public authorities and the Commission, including information notified to the Commission and stored on the database referred to in Article 10 , the disclosure of which