national annual work programmes. Justification For the implementation of the multiannual programmes, the Commission will need to have enough information to allow it to take due account of the Member States' needs and potentialities. Once this information has been obtained, the programmes may be drawn up. Amendment 12 Article 6, paragraph 4 4. The Commission shall consult Member States on the draft multi-annual strategic programmes within the Committee referred to in Article 14(1). The programmes shall be adopted in accordance with Article 15(1)(a) . For the multi-annual strategic programme for 2007 to 2010, adoption shall take place as soon as possible, and no later than three months after the entry into force of this Regulation. 4. The Commission shall consult Member States on the draft multi-annual strategic programmes within the Committee referred to in Article 14(1) and within the Committee referred to in Article 20 of Directive 92/43/EEC. The programmes shall be adopted as set out in Article 15(1a) . For the multi-annual strategic programme for 2007 to 2010, adoption shall take place as soon as possible, and no later than three months after the entry into force of this Regulation . The Commission shall provide for public participation on the draft multi-annual strategic programmes. Justification The Habitats Committee should also be consulted given the significance of the budget allocated to biodiversity and nature protection. Amendment 13 Article 6, paragraph 5, subparagraph 1 5. The Commission shall consult Member States bilaterally on the draft national annual work programmes, with a view to the adoption of national annual work programmes in accordance with Article 15(1)(b). Member States shall submit draft national annual work programmes for 2007 to the Commission as soon as possible, and no later than three months after the adoption of the first multi-annual strategic programme. They shall, as necessary, submit national annual work programmes for subsequent years, and updates of drafts already submitted, pursuant to the timetable laid down in accordance with Article 15(2)(b). 5. The Commission shall consult Member States bilaterally on the draft national annual work programmes after consulting the Committee referred to in Article 20 of Directive 92/43/EEC, with a view to the adoption of national annual work programmes as set out in Article 15(1)(b). Member States shall submit draft national annual work programmes for 2007 to the Commission as soon as possible, and no later than 3 months after the adoption of the first