incarnate ". It is, he said, very important to scrutinise budgets and, he stated, the European Parliament in its current format would be the right body to carry out such scrutiny. He was also concerned about increasing the absorption capacity of developing countries and increasing the flow of funding. Nirj DEVA (EPP-ED, UK) stated that the key question was whether the 9th EDF had been a success. He stressed that it was important to bring " an element of democracy " into the process. The JPA, he said, was the only parliament in the world that did not have the right to oversee a budget. He stated that several Member States did not want to increase the EU's budget. Money, he said, could be diverted from developing countries to finance the EU's near neighbourhood policy which was " aimed at reducing immigration from the EU's close neighbours ." He also stressed that the UK government, as well as the Conservative Party, was against budgetisation. Louis Claude NYASSA (Cameroon) welcomed the fact that the European Parliament would scrutinise the budget for developing countries in a proper manner following budgetisation. The status quo had often meant a slow dispersement of funds. He stressed that local delegates should have more power over spending. The role of national authorising officers should be enhanced, he said. Govindranath GUNNESS MP (Mauritius) stated that the more he heard on the subject, the more confused he became. Nobody, he said, was completely against budgetisation as it would lead to greater accountability. However, the ACP countries did have legitimate concerns which sometimes arose from a lack of information. Overall though, he thought that the two sides could be reconciled. Max van den BERG (PES, Netherlands) spoke in favour of budgetisation as it would lead to greater transparency. He also welcomed the idea of ring-fencing to protect EU funds. With regard to the 10th EDF, he stated that budgetisation would strengthen the ACP-EU partnership. He called for a more consistent policy from the EU given with only 50 per cent of EU funding was controlled by the European Parliament. He understood the concerns of ACP countries, stating that the EU also shared these concerns. Less flexible funding, slower dispersion and the non-spending of the annual budget were all legitimate concerns. Oubkiri Marc YAO (Burkina Faso) stated that he shared the concerns over the slow dispersion as well as a reduction