Answer given by Mr Dalli on behalf of the Commission (25 October 2011) Mental and neurological disorders cover a wide range of heterogeneous medical conditions. The Commission currently addresses certain groups of individual diseases where there is a high European added value for prevention, monitoring and control. Actions to address the challenges of Alzheimer's and dementia are set out in the Commission communication on a European initiative on Alzheimer’s disease and other dementias of July 2009 http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CELEX:52009DC0380:EN:NOT . Moreover, a pilot joint programming initiative on combating neurodegenerative diseases, in particular Alzheimer's (JPND) http://www.neurodegenerationresearch.eu/home/ , was launched by Council conclusions of 3 December 2009, as a first of the new European Union joint programming initiatives. The aim of this initiative is to identify research areas that would benefit from joint actions between countries to alleviate disease symptoms and lessen the socioeconomic impact for patients, families and healthcare systems. It focuses on three main areas: 1) improve the scientific understanding of the disease; 2) improve the medical tools to identify and treat the disease; 3) improve the social care and structures available to assist patients, their families, and health service providers. The European Commission supports the work of this initiative through a coordinating action (JUMPAHEAD) http://www.neurodegenerationresearch.eu/about/jumpahead/ with an EU contribution of close to EUR 2 million. Furthermore, through the EU health programme, the Commission provides financing for action aimed at supporting Member States to develop and disseminate good practices. Under the European Pact for Mental Health and Well-Being developed in this context http://ec.europa.eu/health/mental_health/docs/mhpact_en.pdf , the Commission is working with Member States and other stakeholders on promoting mental health and well-being, preventing mental disorders and improving of mental health systems in Member States. Finally, research on the brain and its disorders has been a constant priority across several Framework Programmes for Research and Technological Development (FPs). In particular, support for research on brain diseases has never been as strong as in the current Seventh Framework Programme, with 925 projects worth EUR 1.5 billion funded in 2007‑11. Such research focuses on prevention, diagnosis, therapy and care of neurological and psychiatric diseases as well as understanding brain functions. Details of funded projects can be found on Cordis http://cordis.europa.eu/fp7/projects_en.html .