The projects to be audited are identified on the basis of a risk analysis. The Commission services, both at Headquarters and in Delegations, are responsible for the implementation of the annual programme. It aims at providing a second layer of assurance complementary to the one provided by the mandatory audits. — in specific cases the Commission may launch further in-depth audits if they are needed. The Court of Auditors has in recent years given a positive declaration of assurance for the EDF. Moreover, the Commission has launched a programme in collaboration with the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, and the United Kingdom Department for International Development, to measure and improve the standards of public finance management in developing countries, known as the Public Expenditure and Financial Accountability (PEFA) initiative. The Commission is of course very concerned about the effects of increased food prices on low income food deficit countries and particularly on the poorer consumers, who spend a significant share of their income on food. If not mitigated, the current developments risk aggravating acute malnutrition, social unrest, and reversing progress made in terms of poverty reduction, making it more difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals in favour of the rural poor (MDG1). The EC does not view this situation purely as a humanitarian concern, but rather as a global economic and structural challenge requiring a mix of short, mid‑and long-term solutions. The various services of the EC are working together to ensure that an appropriate response is designed in a coordinated and holistic manner. Nevertheless, should the price rises become so serious that vulnerable populations groups face a humanitarian crisis as a result the Commission stands ready to intervene through its Directorate-General for Humanitarian Aid (DG ECHO) within the budgetary means available. For 2008 a total of EUR 283 million budget has been earmarked for humanitarian food aid. On a medium-long term basis, the Commission will seek to promote a strong agricultural supply response in the least developed countries (LDCs). The 10th EDF programming process is currently nearing completion. An increased number of partner countries have selected agriculture, rural development and/or food security as focal sectors of cooperation. In at least 23 African countries (including Ivory Coast) will there be close cooperation in these sectors in the next couple of years. The budgetary resources of the 2007‑10 Food Security Thematic Programme will also be used with the same