hand, and the its readiness to reduce budget lines which are central to these objectives. 13. It was very disappointing to see the Council DB reduce 43,4 million in commitments and a massive 516 million in payments. The EP delegation stressed that, when even the Commission's PDB failed to give a satisfactory reply to the Parliament's concerns, the Council's DB really made things unsupportable. The EP delegation drew special attention to the inadequate provisions for the Lisbon strategy and for actions benefiting young people. 14. The Council also operated a linear reduction concerning some agencies (limit growth to +3.6%, compared to 2005, for established agencies and to +12% for newer ones). The EP delegation noted this for the time being and questioned the purely mathematical approach. 15. As concerns the situation for external actions, heading 4 , the Council stated its rejection of the flexibility instrument and, in consequence, adopted an extremely restricted approach consisting of across-the-board cuts of some 3.87% for most lines. The few exceptions were CFSP, Iraq, tsunami and co-decided programmes. The EP stressed that it could not accept such reductions in established programmes to finance new needs, especially not in the light of commitments made internationally to strengthen the efforts towards the Millennium Development Goals. 16. Some of the Council's reductions on the PDB in specific programmes are presented below: TACIS - 19 million MEDA - 32 million Latin America - 11 million Asia - 19 million Development cooperation - 27 million In addition, it should be remembered that, for example, the Human Rights programme was severely reduced already in the PDB. 17. In light of the above, the rapporteur insisted that changes need to be made. The EP delegation also made this clear and pointed out the necessity to: - Strike a better balance between the need to finance the tsunami, Iraq, Afghanistan, and also other actions such as potential new support for ACP sugar producers, and the long-standing commitment and responsibility towards traditional policies in both external relations and development. This could clearly not be achieved through the Council's DB or, indeed, through the Commission's PDB. - A substantial revision would therefore need to be introduced both as concerns the amounts for geographical programmes and for some thematic lines. In line with its mandate given by the plenary, the delegation thus stressed that there is currently no room under the ceiling to finance heading