and compliance with current legislation. They shall specify at least the following: a) the products to be sampled; b) the number of samples to be taken and analyses to be carried out; c) the pesticides to be analysed; d) the criteria applied in drawing up such programmes, including: i) the pesticide-product combinations to be selected; ii) the number of samples taken for domestic and non-domestic products respectively; iii) consumption of the products as a share of the national diet; iv) the Community Control Programme, and v) the results of previous control programmes. 2. Member States shall submit their updated national control programmes for pesticide residues, as mentioned in paragraph 1, to the Commission and to the Authority at least three months before the end of each calendar year. 3. Member States shall participate in the Community Control Programme as provided for in Article 29. They shall, on an annual basis, publish all results of national residue monitoring on the Internet. Where MRLs are exceeded, Member States may name the retailers, traders or producers concerned. SECTION 4 Information by the Member States and Annual Report Article 31 Information by the Member States 1. Member States shall submit the following information concerning the previous calendar year to the Commission, the Authority and the other Member States by 31 August each year: a) the results of the official controls provided for in Article 26(1); b) the LODs applied in the national control programmes referred to in Article 30 and under the Community Control Programme referred to in Article 29; c) details of the participation of the analytical laboratories in the Community proficiency tests referred to in Article 28(3) and other proficiency tests relevant to the pesticide-product combinations sampled in the national control programme; d) details of the accreditation status of the analytical laboratories involved in the controls referred to in point (a); e) where permitted by national legislation, details of enforcement measures taken. 2. Implementing measures relating to the submission of information by the Member States may be established in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2) after consultation with the Authority. Article 32 The Annual Report on Pesticide Residues 1. On the basis of the information provided by the Member States under Article 31(1) the Authority shall draw up an Annual Report on pesticide residues. 2. The Authority shall include information on at least the following in the Annual Report: