point (i), such an agreement may cover: - the average number of weekly hours of work during the transitional period; and - the measures to be adopted to reduce weekly working hours to an average of 48 by the end of the transitional period; (b) with respect to Article 16(2), provided that the reference period does not exceed 12 months, during the first part of the transitional period specified in paragraph (a), and six months thereafter. (*)Four years after the date of entry into force of Directive 1999/…./EC “2.4.from Article 6, for a transitional period of four years from the date of adoption of Directive 1999/…/EC in the case of doctors in training , where there is an agreement between the employer and workers" representatives. In no case shall the number of weekly hours worked exceed an average of 54 hours over a four-month reference period. (Amendment 6) ARTICLE 1(7) Article 17a (3) (Directive 93/104/EC) 3. Subject to compliance with the general principles relating to the protection of the safety and health of workers, Member States may, for objective or technical reasons or reasons concerning the organisation of work, extend the reference period referred to in Article 16(2) to twelve months in respect of mobile workers and workers who mainly perform offshore work. 3. Subject to compliance with the general principles relating to the protection of the safety and health of workers, and provided that there is consultation of and negotiation between representatives of the employer and employees concerned, Member States may, for objective or technical reasons or reasons concerning the organisation of work, extend the reference period referred to in Article 16(2) to twelve months in respect of workers who mainly perform offshore work. 3a. Not later than …..(*) the Commission shall, in consultation with the Member States and with the two sides of industry at European level, review the operation of the provisions with regard to offshore workers from a health and safety perspective. (*) Five years from the date of entry into force of Directive 1999/…./EC. (Amendment 7) ARTICLE 1(7) Article 17b(2) (Directive 93/104/EC) 2. Member States shall, however, take the necessary measures to ensure that any worker on board a sea-going fishing vessel flying the flag of a Member State is entitled to adequate rest. 2. Member States shall, however, take the necessary measures to ensure that any worker on board a sea-going fishing vessel flying