notification to the WTO secretariat. That contracting party should also provide all the relevant documents to inform the WTO secretariat of the tariff lines involved, the most important trading partners and trade volumes and values involved. Any party which considers it has a principle or a substantial supplying interest in a concession which is to be subject to negotiations under Article XXVIII GATT should within 90 days following notification communicate its claim to the concession modifying country. For Bulgaria and Romania the EU notified on 27 September 2006 and the procedure then entailed comparing the duties to be paid by importers to Bulgaria and Romania prior to and following the accession to the EU. The average of three years for which the most recent figures were available were the starting point of comparison. For the enlargement of 2007 the years 2002-2004 were used as the reference period. The duties calculated are the bound duties, not the applied duties. The imports that are considered are the imports that enter with most-favoured nation status (not preferential treatment). Compensation takes place on the same tariff line as where the adjustment of tariff is felt by the third country. On 29 January 2007, the Council authorised the Commission to open negotiations under Article XXIV:6 of GATT with countries meriting compensation. The initialling with New Zealand took place on 7 September 2010. The Council authorized the signature on 11 April 2011. The signature of the agreement with New Zealand took place on 28 April 2011 OJ, L 110 Volume 54, 29 April 2011 . Agreements were earlier concluded with Cuba and Brazil, which did not require consent of the European Parliament, because they were concluded in 2008 and 2009 respectively. Besides these two (Brazil and Cuba) and New Zealand together with Australia and Argentina, the EU is also negotiating with the United States and China, but the negotiations have not yet been concluded. In order to meet WTO requirements two issues are addressed in the agreements. Firstly, the compensation of higher tariffs which are to be compensated. The instrument most often used is the opening of country allocated tariff rate quota or increasing existing ones. Secondly, pre accession erga omnes tariff rate quota of Bulgaria and Romania (not country allocated but open to the whole world) also need to be added to the existing erga omnes tariff rate quota of the EU. The products concerned