and kept for a period of ten years. Amendment 4 7 Proposal for a regulation Chapter IV – section 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Section 4 The whole of Section 4 is deleted. Real time closure of fisheries Justification Closures are a technical measure which should be regulated under this Regulation, and not in the Control Regulation. In addition, the Committee on Fisheries has not yet decided on the characteristics of the closures, since the draft Report and corresponding amendments are still to be voted on and both texts should be consistent. Given this situation, is should be up to the Council and Commission to decide whether to introduce any measures referring to the control of closures in this future Regulation, after the final decision has been taken with respect to closures. Amendment 4 8 Proposal for a regulation Article 47 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Recreational fisheries on a vessel in Community waters on a stock subject to a multiannual plan shall be subject to an authorisation for that vessel issued by the flag Member State. 1. Recreational fisheries conducted from a vessel in Community marine waters on a stock subject to a multiannual recovery plan may be evaluated by the Member State in whose waters they are conducted. Fishing with rod and reel from shore shall not be included . Amendment 49 Proposal for a regulation Article 47 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Catches in recreational fisheries on stocks subject to a multiannual plan shall be registered by the flag Member State. 2. Within two years of the date of entry into force of this Regulation, Member States may estimate the impact of recreational fisheries conducted in their waters and submit the information to the Commission. The relevant Member State and the Commission, on the basis of the advice of the Scientific, Technical and Economic Committee for Fisheries, shall decide which recreational fisheries are having a significant impact on such stocks. For those fisheries having a significant impact, the Member State concerned , in close cooperation with the Commission, shall develop a monitoring system that is able to accurately estimate the total recreational catches from each stock. Recreational fisheries shall comply with the objectives of the Common Fisheries Policy. Amendment 50 Proposal for a regulation Article 47 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment