a passenger covered by this Regulation wants to make a complaint to the carrier with regard to Articles 4, 8 and 9 to 24 , he shall submit it within three months from the date on which the regular service was performed or when a regular service should have been performed. Within one month of receiving the complaint, the carrier shall give notice to the passenger that his complaint has been substantiated, rejected or is still being considered. The time taken to provide the final reply shall not be longer than three months from the receipt of the complaint. If a passenger covered by this Regulation wants to make a complaint to the carrier, he shall submit it within three months from the date on which the regular service was performed or when a regular service should have been performed. Within one month of receiving the complaint, the carrier shall give notice to the passenger that his complaint has been substantiated, rejected or is still being considered. The time taken to provide the final reply shall not be longer than two months from the receipt of the complaint. Justification This amendment reduces the time limit for a final reply to two months in accordance with the original proposal and the EP position at first reading. Amendment 49 Council position – amending act Article 27 - paragraph 1 Council position Amendment 1. Each Member State shall designate a new or existing body or bodies responsible for the enforcement of this Regulation as regards regular services from points situated on its territory and regular services from a third country to such points . Each body shall take the measures necessary to ensure compliance with this Regulation. 1. Each Member State shall designate an existing body or bodies, or, if there is no existing body, a new body responsible for the enforcement of this Regulation. Each body shall take the measures necessary to ensure compliance with this Regulation. Each body shall, in its organization, funding decisions, legal structure and decision-making, be independent of carriers, tour operators and terminal managing bodies. Each body shall, in its organization, funding decisions, legal structure and decision-making, be independent of carriers, tour operators and terminal managing bodies. Justification The competent bodies must be able to enforce the Regulation as a whole. Amendment 50 Council position – amending act Article 27 - paragraph 3 Council position Amendment 3. Any