Common Fisheries Policy ( COM(2008)0721 – C6‑0510/2008 – 2008/0216(CNS) ) (Consultation procedure) The European Parliament , – having regard to the Commission proposal to the Council ( COM(2008)0721 ), – having regard to Article 37 of the EC Treaty, pursuant to which the Council consulted Parliament ( C6‑0510/2008 ), – having regard to Rule 51 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the report of the Committee on Fisheries and the opinion of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety ( A6-0253/2009 ), 1. Approves the Commission proposal as amended; 2. Calls on the Commission to alter its proposal accordingly, pursuant to Article 250(2) of the EC Treaty; 3. Calls on the Council to notify Parliament if it intends to depart from the text approved by Parliament; 4. Asks the Council to consult Parliament again if it intends to amend the Commission proposal substantially; 5. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council and the Commission. Amendment 1 Proposal for a regulation Recital 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (4) Currently control provisions are spread in a wide number of overlapping and complex legal texts. Some parts of the control system are poorly implemented by Member States which results in insufficient and divergent measures in response to infringements of the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy thereby undermining the creation of a level playing field for fishermen across the Community. Accordingly the existing regime and all the obligations therein should be consolidated, rationalised and simplified, in particular through reduction of double regulation and administrative burdens. (4) Currently control provisions are spread in a wide number of overlapping and complex legal texts. Some parts of the control system are poorly implemented by Member States , and the Commission has not proposed all of the necessary implementing regulations needed for R egulation (EEC) No 2847/1993 . The result is insufficient and divergent measures in response to infringements of the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy thereby undermining the creation of a level playing field for fishermen across the Community. Accordingly the existing regime and all the obligations therein should be consolidated, rationalised and simplified, in particular through reduction of double regulation and administrative burdens. Amendment 2 Proposal for a regulation Recital 14 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (14a) The Common Fisheries Policy covers the conservation, management and exploitation of living aquatic