to reply is normally one month. 4.8. Where he considers it appropriate to do so, the Ombudsman may use a simplified procedure, with a view to achieving a rapid solution. 4.9. When he has completed his inquiries. the Ombudsman closes the case with a reasoned decision and informs the complainant and the institution concerned. Article 5 Powers of investigation 5.1. Subject to the conditions laid down in the Statute, the Ombudsman may require Community institutions and bodies and the authorities of Member States to supply, within a reasonable time, information or documents for the purposes of an inquiry. They shall clearly identify any information or documents which they regard as confidential. 5.2. The Ombudsman may inspect the file of the institution concerned. The institution concerned shall clearly identify any documents in the file which it regards as confidential. The Ombudsman may take copies of the whole file or of specific documents contained in the file. The Ombudsman informs the complainant that an inspection has taken place. 5.3. The Ombudsman may require officials or other servants of Community institutions or bodies to give evidence under the conditions laid down in the Statute. The Ombudsman may decide that the person giving evidence shall do so in confidence. 5.4. The Ombudsman may request Community institutions and bodies to make arrangements for him to pursue his inquiries on the spot. 5.5. The Ombudsman may commission such studies or expert reports, as he considers necessary to the success of an inquiry. Article 6 Friendly solutions 6.1. If the Ombudsman finds maladministration, as far as possible he co-operates with the institution concerned in seeking a friendly solution to eliminate it and to satisfy the complainant. 6.2. If the Ombudsman considers that such cooperation has been successful, he closes the case with a reasoned decision. He informs the complainant and the institution concerned of the decision. 6.3. If the Ombudsman considers that a friendly solution is not possible, or that the search for a friendly solution has been unsuccessful, he either closes the case with a reasoned decision that may include a critical remark or makes a report with draft recommendations. Article 7 Critical remarks 7.1 The Ombudsman makes a critical remark if he considers: (a) that it is no longer possible for the institution concerned to eliminate the instance of maladministration and (b) that the instance of maladministration has no general implications. 7.2. When the Ombudsman