and museums. However there is a need to expand activity in this area. The Council of Europe has been very active in bringing European Heritage to school children and young people and has initiated European Heritage classes which have been in existence for many years. These classes are conducted during school time but involve field trips to places of historical, architectural, archaeological, literary, artistic, scientific or technical significance. European Heritage classes aim to contribute to European unity by enabling young people to share the same experience in a spirit of citizenship, tolerance and conviviality. These heritage classes are enjoying increasing success in France and Belgium and their development should be supported in other Member States and by the European Union. 5. Arts education and creativity As stated several times by the European institutions, it is absolutely essential to develop intellectual and creative skills in order to understand the world we live in and to participate effectively in today’s global and rapidly changing society. The ability to learn and to adapt to new situations will be of increased value in the current and future labour market. Research has shown that here is a growing awareness (A must or a-Muse, Arts and Culture in Education – Policy and Practice in Europe A must or a-Muse Conference Results, Rotterdam, The Netherlands 26-29 September 2001. ) that cultural education from an early age and participation in artistic and cultural activities is an important factor in developing the individual’s competencies and life skills. Arts education should not be solely concerned with cultural transmission but also with developing the creative potential of students. Boosting creativity in school is becoming more of a priority in Member States as shown by the recent government-funded initiative introduced in the UK known as ‘Creative Partnerships’. These are intended to develop schoolchildren's potential, ambition, creativity and imagination by building sustainable partnerships that impact upon learning between schools, creative and cultural organisations and individuals. ‘Creative Partnerships’ respond in part to the widely-held view that, in the UK, creativity has been squeezed out of teaching through the focus on the '3 Rs' (reading, writing and arithmetic). In June 2003, the UK ministers for Education and Culture announced £70 million in additional funding for these partnerships http://www.creative-partnerships.org/creativity/. . EU INITIATIVES The European Union uses cultural education and training programmes such as Culture 2000 , Socrates and Leonardo da Vinci to foster public access to