and SYNERGY programmes. However in the report by Eryl McNALLY (PES, UK) under the codecision, first reading, MEPs called for a number of changes to the Commission proposal. Firstly they want increased funding for the programmes. For ALTENER, SAVE and STEER, the committee proposes an extra €25 million compared to the Commission's figures. A further €15 million is proposed for COOPENER. The committee also thinks an overall increase from €215 million to €255 million is needed to cover management costs of an Executive Agency. The candidate countries must be included in the programme, say MEPs, as renewable energy is practically non-existent in these countries and policy and legal frameworks are lacking. A horizontal (i.e. inter-DG) task force should be set up to ensure coordination between the various fields of the programme, linkage with other Community policies and utilisation of the project results for the preparation of future legislative measures. Dissemination of and access to information should be guaranteed by the budget and potential future participants should be chosen according to transparent criteria. MEPs are also calling for the establishment of a European Intelligent Energy Agency, to be responsible for strategic thinking for the development, promotion and implementation of technological measures. The existing energy framework programme, with a budget of €175 million, was adopted in 1998 and expires on 31 December 2002. The new programme has the following four key areas (with the Commission funding proposals in each case): - SAVE (Special Action Programme for Vigorous Energy Efficiency), mainly directed at the building industry and other industries - €75 million; - ALTENER (Promotion of renewable energy sources) - €86 million; - STEER (Energy aspects of transport) - €35 million; - COOPENER (Renewable energy and energy efficiency in developing countries) - €19 million. Parliament expects to complete its first reading at the November plenary in Strasbourg before the meeting of the Energy Council on 25 and 26 November. 21.10.2002 Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy In the chair: Carlos WESTENDORP Y CABEZA (PES, E) Press enquiries: Klaus Hullmann - tel. (32-2) 28 42518 e-mail: indu-press@europarl.eu.int Concilation agreement reached over noise exposure at the workplace The Parliament and Council delegations to the Conciliation Committee have reached agreement on the directive on minimum health and safety requirements for noise exposure at the workplace. The EP delegation welcomes the compromise as it guarantees a significant improvement in protection for workers. It is now