Supplementary answer given by Mr Andor on behalf of the Commission (19 November 2010) According to information received from the Greek authorities, the Commission can inform the Honourable Members of the following: 1 and 2. The research programmes ‘Thales’ and ‘Archimedes’ were launched in Greece in summer 2009 with a total budget of EUR 140 million. Since then, important delays in the selection of proposals have been observed. The main reasons for these delays were the following: — a very large number of proposals were submitted to both programmes, amounting to almost all active researchers in the country. This has brought with it a high risk of conflicts of interest as in some cases members of the Assessment Committees had also submitted proposals as researchers in their own right. As a result, on 14 September 2010, the Managing Authority of the Operational Programme Education and Lifelong Learning updated the calls for proposal for the two programmes in order to replace the initial members of the Assessment Committees with Greek-speaking Professors and Researchers from Universities and Research Centres outside Greece; — during the second phase of the selection of proposals, Greece introduced an electronic platform to be used for the first time by the successful applicants of the first phase to submit their proposal summaries. However, a number of problems occurred with the use of this platform. As a result, the Greek authorities decided to extend the electronic submission of the proposals summaries until 31 October 2010. The Commission believes that Greece is now back on track with the assessment and selection procedure of research project proposals and there should be no further difficulties in successfully implementing this type of project. 3. According to the latest figures received from Greece's Management Information System, the amount of legal commitments for the National Strategic Reference Framework has reached 25.56 % of the total budget and the expenditure incurred stands at 10.55 %. The overall amount earmarked for research and innovation support for the programming period 2007‑13 amounts to EUR 1.548 million. Take-up rates for similar programme funding in other Member States vary; while in some cases the take-up rates are clearly higher than in Greece, in other Member States the take-up rates are very similar.