as amended; 2. Calls on the Commission to alter its proposal accordingly, pursuant to Article 250(2) of the EC Treaty; 3. Calls on the Council to notify Parliament if it intends to depart from the text approved by Parliament; 4. Asks the Council to consult Parliament again if it intends to amend the Commission proposal substantially; 5. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council and Commission. Text proposed by the Commission Amendments by Parliament Amendment 1 RECITAL 3 A (new) (3a) The discussion on the new ten-year guidelines and first implementing Regulation, taking into account the outcome of the WTO Doha round, should be started sufficiently early to allow for proper involvement and consultation of partner countries, non-state actors and EU institutions, including the European Parliament. Justification The consultation process of the new ten-year guidelines and first implementing Regulation should be transparent and participative, according to the minimum standards for consultation of interested parties set by the Commission. Amendment 2 RECITAL 6 A (new) (6a) The enhanced flexibility in applying special incentive arrangements for the protection of labour rights should not undermine the authority of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) and the effectiveness of its instruments and supervisory bodies. Justification In its proposal the Commission suggests to apply special incentive arrangements for the protection of labour rights in a much more flexible way. This should be done, however, without undermining the effectiveness of the ILO. Amendment 3 ARTICLE 1, PARAGRAPH 4 Article 14, paragraph 2, point (b) (Regulation (EC) No 2501/2001) "(b) which is engaged in significant ongoing efforts to incorporate and apply the substance of these standards ." "(b) the national legislation of which has incorporated the substance of the standards referred to in point (a), and whose commitment to applying them has been positively assessed by the ILO. " Justification In its proposal the Commission suggests to apply special incentive arrangements for the protection of labour rights in a much more flexible way, in order to improve the functioning of an instrument which so far has not been very effective because the criteria were too strict. The flexibility proposed by the Commission should not, however, undermine the authority of International Labour Organisation (ILO) conventions and the effectiveness of its supervisory bodies, and I have suggested an amendment in this respect. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 1. In accordance with the guidelines adopted in June 1994 for the period