referred to in paragraph 1, ensure receipt, without delay, of the information referred to in paragraph 1. 3. The exchange of information referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be free of charge for the registers. The following Articles are inserted: Article 4a 1. A European central platform (“the platform”) shall be established . 2. The system of interconnection of registers shall be composed of: – the registers of Member States, – the platform, – the portal serving as the European electronic access point . 3. The Member States shall ensure the interoperability of their registers within the system via the platform . 4. Member States may establish optional access points to the system of interconnection of registers. They shall notify the Commission of their establishment and of significant changes to their operation, without undue delay. 5. Access to information from the system of interconnection of registers shall be ensured through the portal and through the optional access points established by the Member States. The establishment of the system of interconnection of registers shall not affect existing bilateral agreements concluded between Member States concerning exchange of information on companies. Article 4b The Commission shall decide to develop and/or operate the platform referred to in Article 4a(2) either by its own means or through a third party. In the latter case, the choice of the third party and the enforcement by the Commission of the agreement concluded with that third party shall be done in accordance with Council Regulation (EC, Euratom) No 1605/2002 of 25 June 2002 on the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities*. 2. Should the Commission decide to develop the platform through a third party, the Commission shall, by means of implementing acts, determine the technical specifications for the purpose of the procurement procedure and the duration of the agreement concluded with that third party. Should the Commission decide to operate the platform through a third party, the Commission shall, by means of implementing acts, adopt detailed rules on the operational management of the platform. The operational management of the platform shall include in particular: – supervision of the functioning of the platform; – security and protection of data distributed and exchanged using the platform; – coordination of relations between Member States' registers and the third party. The supervision of the functioning of the platform shall be carried out by the Commission.