WRITTEN QUESTION E-1526/07 by Françoise Castex (PSE) to the Commission (23 March 2007) Subject: Status of water At present, more than one billion people have no access to drinking water and almost three billion no access to health services. In Africa, 300 million people (40 % of the population) have no basic sanitary facilities. Since 1990, that figure has increased by 70 million. The World Health Organisation (WHO) takes the view that half the population of the developing countries, a substantial majority of them children, suffer from diseases caused directly by poor-quality water or indirectly by organisms carrying infections and viruses which are found in that water. Every eight seconds a child dies from lack of water or a water-related disease. Access to water and basic health services is thus an issue closely bound up with the right to life. Having sufficient water to drink and to wash is a fundamental human right. A lack of water renders all other human rights meaningless. Since the International Water Conference held in Dublin in 1992, the international community has continued to refuse (institutionally) to recognise access to water as a right, i.e. as a universal, indivisible and inviolable right, thereby fostering the notion of water as an economic asset. In 2002, the UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights acknowledged the right to water, pointing out that it is ‘indispensable for leading a life in human dignity’ and ‘a prerequisite for the realisation of other human rights’. Access to water must be regarded as a human right and water as a resource must be endowed with a legal status which guarantees that this right can be realised. Securing recognition of the right to access to water is thus a matter of overriding importance. At all levels, local, regional and national, it is the ‘law’ which can protect water against efforts to gain control over it to the detriment of the general interest. Can the Commission state what measures it plans to take to ensure that access to water is formally recognised as a right with its own legal status?