lasting peace and stability in Somalia, 7. Calls for a cessation of all foreign unilateral military intervention in Somalia, 8. Calls for the strengthening of the role of the civil society in the process of national reconciliation, particularly women; 9. Welcomes efforts by the African Union to assemble a peacekeeping force to help with the process of national reconciliation but deplores the fact that so far only 1600 soldiers out of the 8000 that the AU had agreed to send have actually been deployed; calls therefore on the African Union to encourage its Member States to uphold their commitments to contribute to the peacekeeping force (EPP-ED) ; calls in this regard on the EU to increase its efforts to provide the requisite political, financial and logistical support to the deployment of the African Union peacekeeping troops, as well as all other steps conducive to the facilitation of the peace process, 10. Reiterates its call on the on the International Somalia Contact Group, consisting of the African Union, the United Nations, the European Union, the United States, Sweden, Norway, Italy, Tanzania and others to encourage positive political developments and engagement with actors inside Somalia to support the implementation of the Transitional Federal Charter and Institutions, establish effective governance and stability, and address the international community’s concern regarding terrorism. 11. Calls on the international community, and the EU in particular, to increase the provision of humanitarian assistance to internally displaced persons and the population in need; 12. Calls on the international community to strengthen diplomatic efforts towards peace and stability and to avoid simplistic perceptions of the terrorist threats in the Horn of Africa, at times used to divert international attention from internal problems and in order to justify foreign military intervention; 13. Urges strict and renewed application and monitoring of the arms embargo against Somalia imposed by the UN in 1992, for which scant respect is paid; 14. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council, the Commission, the Secretaries-General of the African Union, UN, IGAD, the President of the Transitional Federal Government of Somalia, the Government of Ethiopia, the Chairman of the Union of Islamic Courts and the Pan-African Parliament.