the integration process that are attuned to the concerns of their local audience. 4. To all of the EU institutions 4.1 The European institutions should help to coordinate the communication activities of political groups, local and regional authorities and civil society organisations by encouraging the exchange of good practice in this field and the pooling of efforts. For example, the EESC could promote the exchange of good practice (and know-how) at European level between civil society organisations involved in communication activities. It could also establish feedback arrangements for evaluating, at European level, proposals, criticisms and recommendations put forward by members of the public during debates organised by civil society. Finally, the EESC stands ready to support cross-border or multi-national initiatives. 4.2 The Committee calls for the Interinstitutional Information Group to be given a specific and permanent mandate to take stock of public opinion and examine best practices and to meet at regular and more frequent intervals to discuss communication issues. 5. For the Member States 5.1 The Committee calls upon the Austrian and Finnish Presidencies to recommence the so-called "Wicklow initiative" of informal meetings of the ministers of European Affairs to discuss communications issues and challenges. 5.2 The Committee calls upon the European Council to give this so-called "Wicklow Group" a permanent mandate and reporting function. 5.3 The EESC calls upon the Member States to institute a system of best practices and bench marking, perhaps via the "Wicklow Group". 5.4 The Committee calls upon the Member States to recognise that the principle of participatory democracy should be applied to the EU's key strategies for promoting growth, employment and sustainable development. 6. For national Economic and Social Councils and Similar Institutions 6.1 National and European institutions must provide logistical support for these initiatives. National Economic and Social Councils and Similar Institutions could coordinate the debates at national level by establishing a calendar of events and liaising with the EESC, which could provide them with documentation and put them in touch with speakers. _____________ OPINION OF THE COMMITTEE OF THE REGIONS CdR 250/2005 fin CONST-032 Brussels, 21 October 2005 OPINION of the Committee of the Regions of 13 October 2005 on The period of reflection: the structure, subjects and context for an assessment of the debate on the European Union _____________ THE COMMITTEE OF THE REGIONS, HAVING REGARD TO the decision of the European Parliament of 6 September 2005 to consult it