Out of 21000 officials, there are currently 15.11.2005. 62 officials seconded in the interest of the service. 37 of these are seconded to other Community Institutions or Agencies. The other 25 are seconded to international organisations, EU governmental bodies and other organisations. The list of organisations to which officials are seconded in the interest of the service, the number of seconded officials and their distribution of grades is sent directly to the Honourable Member and to the Parliament’s Secretariat. A.3 COST 21 of the 25 officials concerned remain on the Commission payroll. The approximate annual cost is of EUR 2391500 . PART B. Attachment of European Commission Officials Pursuant to the Commission Decision of 5 January 1995. B.1 POLICY The Commission Decision of 5 January 1995 states that the Director General for Personnel and Administration may decide to use this framework to attach officials to government departments and international organisations. Attachments of this type are authorised on a case by case basis in the interest of the Commission, following a request from the Directorate-General concerned and/or a request from the host organisation. During the attachment, the official concerned remains in active employment within the meaning of Article 35(a) of the Staff Regulations. They retain their administrative posting, their rights to advancement and their eligibility for promotion and they maintain their salary. Officials on attachment for less than nine months receive a subsistence allowance equal to the allowance payable for a mission of long duration. For officials on attachment for a period of more than nine months, the place of employment shall be the country where the place of attachment is located, and they shall not receive the subsistence allowance. Those on attachment for a period of more than nine months to a government department in a non-Member State or to an international organisation whose headquarters is located outside the territory of the Member States are covered by the special and exceptional provisions applicable to officials of the Commission serving in a third country, as laid down in Annex X to the Staff Regulations. B.2 NUMBER OF OFFICIALS ATTACHED TO INTERNATIONAL ORGANISATIONS AND GOVERNMENT DEPARTMENTS There are currently 15.11.2005. two officials attached to international organisations and 17 officials attached to Member States’ government departments. The list of organisations and departments, the number of attached officials and their distribution by grade is sent directly to the Honourable Member and to the Parliament’s