country concerned. (Amendment 28) Article 7(1) 1. No single intervention to be funded under this Regulation may receive Community contributions exceeding EUR 12 million. 1. The budgetary authority shall each year set a global ceiling for funding action under this Regulation. (Amendment 29) Article 7(2) 2. The implementation period of any intervention under this Regulation may not exceed a limited period up to nine months. 2. The Commission shall decide the implementation period for any intervention. (Amendment 30) Article 7(3) 3. Should it appear, in exceptional cases, that the implementation period is insufficient to achieve the objectives laid down in Article 1(1) on account of the specific nature of the crisis concerned or its intensity, the Commission shall present a report to the Committee established in Article 8, at the latest one month before the expiry of the original action. Thereafter the Commission may present to the Committee a draft for an extension of the intervention and related financial requirements concerning the same crisis. This further intervention shall comply with the requirements of Article 1. 3. Should it appear, in exceptional cases, that the implementation period is insufficient to achieve the objectives laid down in Article 1(1) on account of the specific nature of the crisis concerned or its intensity, the Commission may decide to extend the intervention and related financial requirements concerning the same crisis. This further intervention shall comply with the requirements of Article 1. The Commission shall then so inform the Council without delay. (Amendment 31) Article 8(1) 1. The Commission shall be assisted by a committee (hereinafter referred to as "the Crisis Committee'), composed of representatives of the Member States and chaired by the representative of the Commission. Deleted (Amendment 32) Article 8(2) 2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, the advisory procedure laid down in Article 3 of the Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, in compliance with Article 7(3) thereof. Deleted (Amendment 33) Article 9(1) 1. When adopting its rules of procedure, in accordance with Article 7(1) of Decision 1999/468/EC, the Crisis Committee shall take into account the objectives of the Rapid Reaction Facility, and in particular: Deleted (a) the need of rapid decisions and implementation in view of the exceptional and urgent nature of the circumstances of crisis which trigger the use of the Rapid Reaction Facility; (b) the flexibility necessary to meet the evolving nature of the crisis. (Amendment 34) Article 9(2) 2.