of 31 July 2007 establishing, for an initial period of twelve months, an AU/UN hybrid operation in Darfur (UNAMID), – having regard to Rule 115(5) of its Rules of Procedure, A. whereas an armed struggle between the Chadian army and the rebels of Unified Military Command that include: Union of Forces for Democracy (UFDD), Rally of Forces for Change (RFC), UFDD-Fundamental and its recent escalation in N'Djamena have been the harshest in Chad since President Deby took power in December 1990, B. preoccupied by the security situation in the eastern part of Chad, which has deteriorated since 2006 as a result of clashes between Chadian security forces and Chadian rebels, and incursions of Janjaweed militias and armed groups from Sudan, to which banditry and attacks on humanitarian organisations must be added, C. Whereas food distribution in the East is the ultimate priority and donor contributions are urgently required to ensure that purchases are completed in the coming months, and that the food reaches Chad on time; D. whereas about 238,000 refugees from Sudan, 44,600 refugees from the Central African Republic and 170,000 internally displaced persons (IDPs) are hosted in twelve camps along Chad's eastern border with Sudan, E. whereas according to the UN Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Opeartion, Jean-Marie Guehenno, the UN Hybrid mission in Sudan is many months from full deployment and the situation in the region is deteriorating dramatically, F. whereas over 4.5 million people in Darfur and eastern Chad now live in need of humanitarian aid; whereas 185,000 Chadians have fled their homes as the conflict has become increasingly regional; whereas the number of Chadians displaced by violence has quadrupled in the past year, G. whereas the fighting is hampering the operations of the World Food Programme (WFP) in eastern Chad, denying it access to some refugee camps and delaying food dispatches to others; whereas the fighting near Farchana, where three refugee camps are located, has made humanitarian operations particularly difficult; whereas on at least one occasion a WFP-contracted truck loaded with WFP food was attacked by armed bandits; H. whereas long-term stability in Sudan, Chad and the CAR calls for respect for human rights, the rule of law and good governance, I. Worried by the arrest of political opposition parties senior leaders, journalists and ordinary supporters of opposition parties, J. whereas the fighting has been concentrated mainly in the Farchana, Iriba, Biltine and Guereda areas, located to