getting Member States to deal with infractions in a more coherent way, part of the "level playing field". An amendment is added to include ship-owners, since they are the ones who are ultimately responsible for what a vessel does. Conclusions - The proposal of the Commission is an important step along the road to developing a "culture of compliance" in the EU and reducing the belief among many that they are strictly controlled while their neighbours are free to do as they wish. All those concerned by the CFP should feel the system is fair, and a non-discriminatory control system is essential for ensuring that the fishing industry has a long term future. MINORITY OPINION pursuant to Rule 48(3) of the Rules of Procedure Hélène Goudin The Commission's proposal, which has now also been adopted by the European Parliament's Committee on Fisheries, aims to legislate on recreational fisheries at Community level. This aim is reflected in Article 47 of the Commission's proposal. I tabled an amendment in committee proposing that Article 47 should be deleted in its entirety. My amendment was not adopted by the committee and I, therefore, voted against the report. Recreational and sports fisheries are under no circumstances a matter to be taken up at EU level. It is instead a matter on which decisions should be left to national, regional and local authorities, in accordance with the subsidiarity principle. 18.2.2009 OPINION of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety for the Committee on Fisheries on the proposal for a Council regulation establishing a Community control system for ensuring compliance with the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy ( COM(2008)0721 – C6‑0510/2008 – 2008/0216(CNS) ) Rapporteur: Roberto Musacchio SHORT JUSTIFICATION One of the main goals of the European Union’s Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) is to establish conservation measures to ensure fish stocks being exploited on an environmentally sustainable basis. Yet, as the current state of fish stocks in EU waters demonstrates, the levels of exploitation have been too high. Thirty percent of the assessed stocks are now outside safe biological limits, and 88% are fished so intensely that the yield is reduced. Scientists warn that the quantity of mature fish is below what is necessary for the long-term sustainability of commercially exploited stocks, jeopardising both the long term sustainability of fishing activities and the marine ecosystem balance. One of the reasons of the perceived