is intended to be used essentially in Denmark on a permanent basis: a day criterion and a kilometre criterion. The Commission analysed the text of this legislation and came to the conclusion that the criteria proposed by the Danish authorities seem to be, in the absence of more specific guidelines given by the Court, balanced and appropriate in order to evaluate whether a vehicle is used in Denmark on a permanent basis. It is clear from the explanatory memorandum of the Act that the application of the criteria would allow exempting from taxation the typical situation of a frontier worker who uses the company car for daily commuting from home to work. In addition, this legislation contains an escape clause, which enables, to a certain extent, a case-by-case evaluation in some particular circumstances (such as illness of a worker or maternity leave). As regards the comments of the Honourable Member on the new Danish legislation, the Commission believes that a requirement of prior authorisation, being a classical instrument of tax control, does not, in itself, constitutes an infringement. The Commission points out however that an excessive burden of proof should not be imposed on workers and their employers (especially in clear cut cases). The Commission does not object to the fact that only the business use abroad is taken into account when calculating the kilometres driven abroad. It does not seem justified to oblige the Danish authorities to take into account for the purpose of this calculation the private use abroad such as holidays. The tax of a Danish resident with unlimited tax liability in Denmark will be calculated in accordance with Danish tax provisions. The value of the benefit of having a company car at one's disposal is the result of a standard calculation based on objective criteria. The value of this benefit is not the value of the actual car, but a calculation of what it is worth for the individual to have the right to use it. The value of this benefit is the same, regardless of where the car is registered. Therefore it is coherent that the taxation of the benefit is the same for a car subject to Danish registration tax, as for a car which is not subject to this tax.