Question for written answer E-9663/2010 to the Council Rule 117 Oriol Junqueras Vies (Verts/ALE) (23 November 2010) Subject: Brutality by Morocco in dismantling the Agdaym Izik Sahrawi camp On 8 November 2010 the Moroccan occupying forces moved from threats to brutal and barbaric action against women, children and elderly people gathered in the Agdaym Izik camp, which was set up on 10 October in protest at the dramatic situation endured by the Sahrawi civilian population under Moroccan occupation. Over 160 riot-control water-cannon trucks and dozens of armoured vehicles full of armed soldiers made a forced entrance into the Agdaym Izik camp, indiscriminately attacking defenceless men, women, children and elderly people. The criminal attack took place at around 7 a.m., forcibly evicting the camp's occupants, destroying their belongings and setting the camp on fire. According to initial reports, it was a complete bloodbath, massacre and genocide which had been planned since several days earlier and has resulted in several fatalities (exact figures are still unknown) and numerous wounded. At the same time, repression has increased in the city of Laayoune against the Sahrawi population, who took to the streets in protest at the siege of the camp. The airport is also completely surrounded by police, gendarmerie and other security forces. In the days leading up to the attack the camp was completely cut off, with a total blockade on the entry of food, water and medicines, and on access to the camp by both Sahrawis and foreigners, including the foreign press, in some cases involving assault. Access to Laayoune was also refused to representatives of political organisations from the Basque country and the European Parliament. The Kingdom of Morocco is responsible for this new aggression against the Sahrawi people. The European Union should not continue to allow this serious infringement of the Sahrawi people's human rights, which comes in addition to the dispossession, torture and lack of freedom to which they are already subjected. Will the EU now suspend the EU‑Morocco Association Agreement, or will it continue to turn a blind eye to these events and tacitly accept the massacre of the Sahrawi people?