the Conservation of Atlantic Tuna (ICCAT) has adopted management measures to control them. Is it fair to commercial fishermen to continue to allow recreational fishermen to fish with no controls whatsoever? An amendment is proposed here that would limit the scope of the regulation to non-commercial fishing conducted from boats (i.e. not from shore) in marine waters (i.e. not inland waters). Member States would have time to evaluate the impact of such fishing on stocks and, in cases where it is having a significant impact, to propose a means of monitoring it. Since it is discriminatory to subject commercial fishermen to catch limitations and other restrictions but to allow non-commercial fishermen to fish without limit, all catches should ultimately come under the national quota. Community Fisheries Control Agency - The Agency has only been operational for a few years but it has already proven its value in improving coordination of controls at sea among Member States during several Joint Deployment Programmes. The Commission proposes increasing the role of the Agency in various areas, such as developing core curricula for training programmes, assisting to develop common inspection procedures, improving communication and information exchange among Member States, etc. The Agency has a crucial role to play in reducing and, hopefully, eliminating the conviction on the part of many that they are controlled more strictly than their neighbours. The Agency's expanded mandate is an important component of an improved control system. The Attwooll report of 2005 Attwooll report A6-0022/2005 on the proposal for a Council regulation establishing a Community Fisheries Control Agency, EP resolution of 23.02.2005. welcomed the Agency when it was created and even then, urged that it be given a stronger role. Risk Analysis - An important recommendation from the Court of Auditors was that Member States establish "a control strategy based on a risk analysis", to be included in the control regulation See Court of Auditors Special Report 7/2007, paragraphs 129 and 130. . The Court considered that 75. Sound knowledge of the various fishery activities, the actors involved, infringements found and penalties imposed in the past is essential for the establishment of sound risk analysis, the definition of a suitable control strategy and the preparation of a relevant programme. A risk analysis approach to planning would identify inspection priorities and aid the allocation of resources, making control activities more effective. The Commission took this recommendation on board and has