European Parliament or the Council within a period of two months of notification of that act to the European Parliament and the Council or if, before the expiry of that period, the European Parliament and the Council have both informed the Commission that they will not object. That period shall be extended by four months at the initiative of the European Parliament or of the Council. Amendment 69 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 6 – point 3 Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 Article 11c Article 11c deleted 1. The European Parliament and the Council may object to the delegated act within a period of two months from the date of notification. At the initiative of the European Parliament or the Council this period shall be extended by one month. 2. If, on expiry of that period, neither the European Parliament nor the Council has objected to the delegated act it shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and shall enter into force on the date stated therein. The delegated act may be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and enter into force before the expiry of that period if the European Parliament and the Council have both informed the Commission of their intention not to raise objections. 4. If the European Parliament or the Council objects to a delegated act, it shall not enter into force. The institution which objects shall state the reasons for objecting to the delegated act. Amendment 70 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 7 – point -1 (new) Regulation (EC) No 1515/2001 Recital 6 a (new) -1. The following recital is inserted: ‘(6a) The implementation of this Regulation requires uniform conditions for adopting or suspending measures to comply with the recommendations and rulings of the WTO Dispute Settlement Body. Those measures should be adopted by the Commission in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 February 2011 laying down the rules and general principles concerning mechanisms for control by Member States of the Commission's exercise of implementing powers 1 . ______________ 1 OJ L 55, 28.2.2011, p. 13.‘ Amendment 71 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 7 – point -1 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1515/2001 Recital 6 b (new) -1a. The following recital is inserted: ‘(6b)