which, in the case of publicly owned ports or port systems, are financed on the market participant principle, and - of port superstructure measures which, in the case of publicly owned ports, port systems or port undertakings, are financed on the market participant principle, does not constitute State aid and is therefore not subject to the reporting and monitoring requirements of the Treaty. 2. Public funding of other user-specific port infrastructure measures and of other port superstructure measures shall always require notification and approval by the Commission. Amendment 75 Article 4 c (new) Article 4c Study on financing The Commission shall have a study carried out by an independent international research consortium into direct and indirect (public) financing, state support and cost accounting in Community ports. The study shall apply to the costs of port infrastructure and superstructure, port services, port undertakings and port-related businesses. Amendment 43 Article 6, paragraph 2 2. The criteria for the granting of the authorisation by the competent authority must be transparent, non-discriminatory, objective, relevant and proportional . The criteria may only relate to the provider's professional qualifications, his sound financial situation and sufficient insurance cover, to maritime safety or the safety of installations, equipment and persons. The authorisation may include public service requirements relating to safety, regularity, continuity, quality and price and the conditions under which the service may be provided. 2. The criteria for the granting of the authorisation by the competent authority must be transparent, non-discriminatory, objective, relevant and proportionate and shall ensure compliance with an adequate level of safety for ports and adjacent waters . The criteria may only relate to: (a) the professional qualifications of the provider, his sound financial situation and sufficient insurance cover, (b) maritime safety or the safety of installations, equipment and persons, (c) compliance with the provisions of the applicable employment legislation, (d) compliance with local, national and international environmental requirements, (e) the policy and economic interests of the port and the surrounding region. The authorisation may include public service requirements relating to safety, regularity, continuity, quality and price and the conditions under which the service may be provided. The authorisation may also include requirements relating to the social protection of the workers concerned. Member States shall regulate measures concerning social protection and the protection of employment and the applicable collective agreements on wages . Amendment 22 Article 6, paragraph 3 3. Where the required professional