Answer given by Mr Dimas on behalf of the Commission (19 January 2009) Natura 2000 sites do not exclude economic activities per se. Directive 92/43/EEC of 21 May 1992 on the conservation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and flora OJ L 206, 22.7.1992 . (‘Habitats Directive’) provides with its Article 6 an instrument, i.e., criteria and procedures, to combine and balance different interests in society — like nature protection and, for example, economic projects. Article 6(2) of the Habitats Directive requires Member States to take appropriate steps to avoid the deterioration of habitats and significant disturbance of the species for which a Natura 2000 site has been designated. According to Article 6(3) of the directive national authorities may authorise plans or projects such as those concerning raw material extraction, only after having ascertained, by means of an appropriate assessment that they will not adversely affect the integrity of a Natura 2000 site. Article 6(4) of the directive lays down the conditions for authorising projects which have a negative impact on a Natura 2000. In the light of the provisions of Article 6 of the directive it is for the Member States to take the appropriate decisions with regard to economic activities that may affect Natura 2000 sites. Member States are always free to take more stringent measures than those foreseen by the directive if they deem this necessary to achieve the conservation objectives of the Natura 2000 sites for which they have the responsibility. The Commission is currently developing specific guidance on the implementation of the Habitats Directive for the non-energy mining sector. For this purpose a working group was set up, with experts from the Member States, stakeholder organisations and environmental non-governmental organisations (NGOs). The objective is to provide specific guidance to the mining sector on the implementation of the protection regime under the Habitats Directive and to promote integrated developments that take into account both economic and nature conservation objectives already in the early planning phase and avoid or mitigate negative effects on protected species and habitats wherever possible.