the last meeting it adopted the following suggestions unanimously. The following were present for the vote:Anna Karamanou (chairperson), Marianne Eriksson (vice-chairperson), Uma Aaltonen (draftsperson), María Antonia Avilés Perea, Fiorella Ghilardotti, Christa Prets, Joke Swiebel, Helena Torres Marques, Elena Valenciano Martínez-Orozco, Marie-Hélène Gillig (for Lissy Gröner), Anne E.M. Van Lancker (for Mary Honeyball) and María Luisa Bergaz Conesa (for Armonia Bordes). SUGGESTIONS The Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities calls on the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: A. Whereas disabled women are often victims of multiple forms of discrimination; B. having regard to the European Parliament resolution of 9 March 2004 on the situation of women from minority groups in the European Union (2003/2109 (INI)); 1. Regrets that the Commission communication does not include an integrated gender perspective nor a separate chapter on gender specific disability policies; 2. Calls on the Commission to integrate the gender perspective and specific information on women with disabilities in the successive phases of its action plan; 3. Calls respectively on the Council, the Commission and the Member States to introduce gender mainstreaming into all disability policies; 4. Calls on the EU and the Member States to develop statistics on the situation of disabled people, broken down by gender. A study should be undertaken if any legislation in the Member States concerning disabled people discriminates against disabled women and girls; 5. Calls on the Commission to take account of gender aspects in its forthcoming Green paper on future strategy on non-discrimination and in its forthcoming Disability Specific Directive and in their implementation; stresses in this connection the need to include information on the situation of disabled women in future Commission reports on the situation of disabled people in an enlarged Europe; 6. Recalls that disabled women have been victims of serious violation of their fundamental rights, including the right of self-determination as they have been denied their sexual and reproductive rights; 7. Calls on the Member States to guarantee disabled parents an access to personal assistance; 8. Calls on the Member States to take vigorous measures against all forms of violence against disabled women and girls. Almost 80% of disabled women are victims of violence, and the risk of sexual violence is four times higher for them than for other women. Violence is not only a frequent occurrence in