WRITTEN QUESTION E-2344/05 by Erik Meijer (GUE/NGL) to the Commission (1 July 2005) Subject: Isolation of Kosovo vis-à-vis foreigners due to restrictions on overland access as a result of interrupted and sharply reduced public transport services 1. Is the Commission aware that the one rail service a day from the Serbian capital Belgrade offering connections to Kosovo Polje via the Kosovan capital of Priština takes some 10 hours for the outward journey (08:40-18:54, including a good 2 hours' wait, with 3 changes) and some 12 hours for the return journey (07:35-19:45, including a 4‑hour wait, with 2 changes), whereas in the former Yugoslavia straight‑through services operated several times a day, taking 6 hours? 2. To what extent are the current poor connections between Serbia and Lešak in the far north of Kosovo, where passengers transfer to Kosovo's domestic train services operating under the responsibility of UNMIK, intended by Serbia to make it difficult for people coming from outside Serbia to visit Kosovo by this route? Do these restrictions mean that in practice only people with Serbian nationality living in Kosovo or with family members there are able to use this train, and foreigners and Kosovars without a Serbian passport are as far as possible barred? 3. Can the Commission confirm that there are virtually no alternatives to the rail links referred to in questions 1 and 2, as coach services running from the territory of Serbia and Montenegro via Kosovo to destinations in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, notably the link between Novi Pazar and Skopje, do not take any passengers from or to destinations in Kosovo, whilst the train link from Niš an Kuršumlija in Serbia to Priština in Kosovo no longer operates at all? 4. Can the Commission confirm that as a result of these restrictions the main way of accessing Kosovo over land by public transport now comprises the bus services operated by various companies which — depending on the growing congestion on the overstretched road network in Kosovo — take two to three hours to go from the old bus station on the bank of the Vardar (now no longer used for other services) in the centre of Skopje via the border post of Hani i Elezit and the town of Ferizaj/Uroševac to the bus station (Stacioni i Autobusavne) on the north west side of Priština near Rr St Ul Bill Clinton? 5. What is