pressure from the European Ombudsman, the Commission finally adopted a decision, published on 30th April 2002 which ended the discriminatory practice. Transparency Statewatch Wins Access to Council Documents Astrid THORS (ELDR, FIN) Report on the Special Report from the European Ombudsman to the European Parliament in complaint 917/2000/GG - "Statewatch" ( C5-0277/2002 – 2002/2135 (COS)) Doc.: A5-0363/2002 Procedure : Consultation paper Vote : 17.12.2002 Astrid THORS (ELDR, FIN), for the Petitions’ Committee, will be tabling a draft resolution on the Ombudsman's Special Report into the failure of the Council to grant access to certain documents from its meetings on Justice and Home Affairs. The documents were requested by Statewatch, a UK organisation campaigning for openness and transparency. In January 1999, Statewatch wrote to Council seeking disclosure of all documents distributed at meetings of Justice and Home Affairs Councils in that month. It had obtained the agendas for these meetings and the 'outcome of proceedings'. It noticed discrepancies in the lists of documents distributed according to both papers and it learnt, furthermore, that other documents were distributed at these meetings which had not been cited anywhere. Council had in fact provided Statewatch with a number of additional documents following the introduction of the complaint - 79 in all. A further 15 documents were withheld. The Ombudsman called on Parliament to support his statement that Council should reconsider the complainant's application and give access to all the documents requested. The Petitions Committee therefore drew up a draft resolution welcoming the Council Secretary-General's published intention to implement the Ombudsman's recommendation, and calls on the Council to report to Parliament in six months time on the specific measures taken to implement the Secretary-General's decision and the new EU regulation. As a result of the ”Statewatch” complaint, there has been some progress, including all COREPER, Council and Working Party agendas being made available, with comprehensive document references. Financing of European Schools Herbert BÖSCH (PES, A) Report on the future financing of the European Schools (2002/2083(INI)) Doc.: A5-0395/2002 Procedure : Own-initiative report Vote : 17.12.2002 Herbert BÖSCH (PES, A) will be tabling an own-initiative draft resolution on the future financing of European schools. The role of the European Schools is to provide for the education of the children of the staff of the European Communities. The draft resolution recommends that some of the European Schools should be ”reconsidered” as some of the smaller schools have a