a special mechanism on access rights, by providing that a court order issued in a Member State is recognised automatically and is enforceable in the other Member States; so as to ensure that children can maintain their relationships with their two parents after the separation of the couple, in particular when those parents are living in different Member States. This regulation also provides a mechanism to combat international parental child abduction between the Members States, in order to ensure the return of abducted children to the Member State of their habitual residence. In the absence of additional information, it is not possible for the Commission to examine the circumstances of the return of the children from Italy to Germany. 3. The Commission has previously inquired the rules and procedures of the Jugendamt in relation to alleged discrimination of non-German parents who are required by German authorities to communicate with their children only in German at certain meetings organised and supervised by the Jugendamt. In the context of the Parliament's Petition 38/2006, the German authorities communicated their written observations on these cases to the Committee on Petitions, as well as to the Commission. According to these observations, the German authorities take into primary consideration the best interests of the child in all actions concerning children. According to the German authorities, it is possible that the right to a visit is exercised under surveillance to protect a child from the risk of abduction, negative influences, etc. In these cases, the exclusive usage of German can be exceptionally imposed when additional charges for the German administration would be excessive. The total prohibition of contacts with a parent can also be considered in order to protect the best interest of the child. With regard to the abovementioned observations of the German authorities, the obligation to use German, in case of visits which are accompanied and organised by the Youth Welfare Office (‘Jugendamt’), could be justified by objective considerations and be independent from the nationality of the persons concerned and proportional to the attainment of a legitimate objective which is the protection of the best interests of the child.