by the regulations into line and simplify the formalities for insured persons who need care in a state where they are staying temporarily. Once these conditions are met, the card can come into being and one more barrier to free movement within Europe will have been lifted. Constitutional Affairs European Governance - Call to further European Parliament's powers Margrietus van den BERG (PES, NL) Report on European governance ( COM(2002) 704 - COM(2002) 705 - COM(2002) 713 - C5-0200/2003 - 2003/2085(INI)) Doc.: A5-0402/2003 Procedure : Own-initiative report Debate : 03.12.2003 Margrietus van den BERG (PES, NL), for the Constitutional Affairs Committee, will be tabling a draft own-initiative resolution drawn up by in response to the Commission paper on European Governance. It looks at four aspects of this issue: improving legislation, greater involvement, the use of experts and, lastly, global governance. The committee reiterates its view that, while the aim of improving the quality of legislation, transparency and opening up the institutions to " organised civil society " (i.e. professional, trade union and business sectors) and to citizens as a whole is a worthwhile exercise, it cannot be a substitute for citizens' access to public power by means of open and increasingly democratic electoral processes. The bond between citizens and the EU institutions should therefore be improved, primarily by increasing the European Parliament's legislative powers and by means of genuine transparency in the work, sessions and proceedings of the Council relating to its legislative function. The draft resolution is critical of the fact that there is still no single uniform on-line contact point for all EU institutions where members of the public could monitor the formulation of policy proposals throughout the decision-making process. It therefore calls on all the institutions to combine the various Internet sites to create a single portal. MEPs welcome the Commission's proposals for minimum standards for the consultation of third parties and say that such consultation should take place " in a transparent and efficient manner " so as not to slow down the legislative process and in order to guarantee openness. They also want to see an Interinstitutional Agreement laying down uniform minimum rules for consultation for all institutions. The draft resolution adds that there is a need for greater institutionalisation of the social dialogue and consultation of the two sides of industry. While recognising the added value of experts as a source of information during