El-Mithak 13.00 Meeting with representatives of business forum 14.30 Visit to a project funded by the European Union in Mitidja 08:30 15:30 Algiers - Mitidja (Algeria) Press conferences Today's press conferences 10:30 Agora on the Future of Europe - Gérard ONESTA (Greens/EFA, FR) 10:30 11:00 Brussels, PHS OA50 Delegations Delegation for Relations with Korea Directly after participating in the 3rd EU-North Korean Economic Workshop in Pyongyang last week, the Chair of the EP's Delegation for Relations with the Korean Peninsula Hubert Pirker (EPP-ED, AT) and Glyn Ford (PES, UK) will join 4 other Members (Astrid Lulling (EPP-ED, LU), Petya Stavreva (EPP-ED, BG), David Martin (PES, UK) and Philip Claeys (ITS, BE)) for a visit to South Korea, where they will meet with lawmakers and government officials. 09:00 17:00 South Korea (Seoul) Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly : Improving the quality of life, human exchanges, and culture At its meeting in Rome, EMPA's Committee on improving the quality of life, exchanges between civil societies and culture will debate the impact of climate change and desertification, with special emphasis on access to water as a right for all. The committee will also discuss the establishment of the Euro-Med Youth Parliament, an idea launched at the plenary session in Tunis in March 2007. The role of satellite television as a bridge between societies and cultures in the Euro-Mediterranean region will also be a topic for debate. 09:00 14:30 Rome, Italy, Montecitorio Palace, Sala della Regina Programme of the event Delegation for relations with Israël The EP's Delegation for Relations with Israel will visit Israel from 28 October - 3 November, to attend the 32nd EP-Israel Interparliamentary Meeting. MEPs will meet with Knesset Members, including the Speaker, Dalia Itzik, as well as meeting Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni, government officials and NGO representatives. A press conference by the delegation is scheduled for the afternoon of 31 October, in Jerusalem. 09:00 19:00 Israël Other events EP Citizen's Forum on the Future of Europe As part of its contribution to the debate on the future of Europe, the European Parliament is organising a series of citizens' forums to enable members of the public directly to enter the debate on the main issues. This forum, in Daugavpils, will focus on energy and economic sustainability. Participants: Valdis DOMBROVSKIS (EPP-ED, LV) and Tatjana ŽDANOKA (Greens/EFA, LV) 09:00 19:00 Daugavpils, Latvia 2007-10-31 The President's diary . Official visit to Algeria Meeting with Abdelaziz