Directive 2000/31/EC. This point shall be underlined. The amendment also seeks to make it easier to bring a prosecution for the offence of holocaust denial (indent (e)), yet without going so far as to make this an absolute offence. Lastly, the change to indent (g) is intended to clarify the text. Amendment 13 Article 6, paragraph 4 4. Member States shall ensure that ancillary or alternative sanctions such as community service or participation in training courses, deprivation of certain civil or political rights or publication of all or part of a sentence may be imposed or foreseen for the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5. 4. Member States shall ensure that ancillary or alternative sanctions such as community service or participation in training courses, deprivation of certain civil or political rights or publication of all or part of a sentence may be provided for in respect of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5. Justification Clarification. Amendment 14 Article 6, paragraph 5 5. Member States shall ensure that fines can be imposed or payment for charitable purposes accepted in respect of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5. 5. Member States shall ensure that fines can be imposed or , where provision is made for payments for charitable purposes in the national legal order, payment for charitable purposes accepted in respect of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5. Justification Not all Member States make provision for such payments in their national law Amendment 15 Article 7 Member States shall ensure that in cases where the perpetrator of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 is acting in the exercise of a professional activity and the victim is depending on this activity , the sentence can be aggravated . Member States shall ensure that in cases where the perpetrator of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 is acting in an official or professional capacity and owes a duty of care to the victim or to minors , as well as in cases where the victim of the offences is a child, within the meaning of the International Convention on the Rights of the Child, and cases where the perpetrator's activities are directed at people who are very easily influenced, the sentence can be increased . Justification It is by no means clear what precisely is intended by