surveillance and provisional measures given the effects of these measures and their sequential logic in relation to the adoption of definitive safeguard measures. Where a delay in the imposition of measures would cause damage which would be difficult to repair it is necessary to allow the Commission to adopt immediately applicable provisional measures.’ Amendment 112 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 10 – point -1 c (new) Regulation (EC) No 427/2003 Article 5 – paragraph 1 -1c. Article 5(1) is replaced by the following: ‘ (1) An investigation shall be initiated upon request of a Member State, by any legal person or any association not having legal personality, acting on behalf of the Union industry, or on the Commission's own initiative if it is apparent to the Commission that there is sufficient evidence to justify the initiation of an investigation. ’ Amendment 113 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 10 – point -1 d (new) Regulation (EC) No 427/2003 Article 5 – paragraph 2 a (new) -1d. In Article 5, the following paragraph is inserted: '2a. The request to initiate an investigation shall contain evidence that the conditions for imposing the safeguard measure set out in Article 2(1) are met. The request shall generally contain the following information: the rate and amount of the increase in imports of the product concerned in absolute and relative terms, the share of the domestic market taken by increased imports, changes in the level of sales, production, productivity, capacity utilisation, profits and losses, and employment. An investigation may also be initiated in the event that there is a surge of imports concentrated in one or several Member States, provided that there is sufficient prima facie evidence that the conditions for initiation are met, as determined on the basis of factors referred to in Article 2(2) and Article 3.‘ Amendment 114 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 10 – point 1 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 427/2003 Article 6 a (new) 1a. The following article is inserted: 'Article 6a Prior surveillance measures 1. Where the trend in imports of a product originating in the People's Republic of China is such that it could lead to one of the situations referred to in Articles 2 and 3, imports of that product may be subject to prior surveillance measures. 2. In the event that there