P5_TA(2002)0448 Outcome of sustainable development summit B5-0487/2002 European Parliament resolution on the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD) in Johannesburg The European Parliament , – having regard to the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD) in Johannesburg from 26 August to 4 September 2002 and, in particular, the plan of implementation adopted, – having regard to the statements by the Council and Commission, – having regard to its resolutions of 16 May 2002 on the Commission communication to the European Parliament, the Council, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the regions entitled 'Towards a global partnership for sustainable development' P5_TA(2002)0250. and on the communication from the Commission to the Council and European Parliament entitled 'ten years after Rio: preparing for the World Summit on Sustainable Development in 2002' P5_TA(2002)0251. and to the demands set out in these texts, – having regard to the conduct of negotiations by the Commission immediately prior to and during the WSSD, A. whereas the need to ensure sustainable development is one of the key challenges facing both developed and developing countries in the years to come, B. whereas collective responsibility is needed in order to strengthen the interdependent and mutually reinforcing pillars of sustainable development: economic growth, social inclusion and environmental protection – at local, national, regional and global levels, C. whereas sustainable development has economic, social and environmental components, and a proper balance needs to be struck between these components, D. whereas environmental, public health and development objectives are not contradictory but involve important synergies, E. whereas the 1992 Rio Earth Summit set ambitious new objectives for sustainable development and created a new international legal framework in such fields as climate change and biodiversity, F. whereas the Rio objectives have been inadequately implemented and that certain problems have been alleviated but others have become more serious over the last 10 years, G. whereas the WSSD was meant to give a new impetus at world level to tackling these problems, notably by reaffirming old objectives and establishing new ones, but also setting new targets and timetables, promoting new partnership agreements and establishing appropriate monitoring and implementation mechanisms, H. whereas the European Union came to Johannesburg with an ambitious agenda to achieve the above objectives; whereas the developing countries shared some but not all of these objectives; whereas the United States put its emphasis on so-called "type