Answer given by Mrs Reding on behalf of the Commission (3 March 2011) 1. On 7 April, 2010 the Commission adopted a communication specifically on the social and economic integration of Roma in Europe, which establishes an ambitious framework for action in the three coming years committing the Commission to further action towards Roma. As regards the figures on the current situation of Roma in the European Union, the Commission refers the Honourable Member to this communication COM(2010)133 ‘The Social and Economic Integration of the Roma in Europe’. . 2. On 7 September 2010 the Commission decided to establish a Roma Task Force. The Task Force is analysing the follow-up given by Member States to the Commission's communication of 7 April. Preliminary findings from this analysis highlight that within EU Member States, weaknesses exist in the use of EU funds and in the development of appropriate strategies to address specific problems faced by the Roma. The management of the bulk of EU funding which may benefit Roma integration is shared with Member States notably through the European Social Fund (ESF), the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and to a lesser extent the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD). In financial terms, the information provided by Member States does not allow the amount of EU funding that they use for Roma integration to be quantified. The Roma Task Force is now identifying concrete ways to enhance the funds' use in the Member States. The results from this work will be included in an EU framework for national Roma integration strategies that will be presented by the Commission in April. This framework will seek to ensure a more efficient monitoring and support of national and European efforts. 3. The Commission organised three high level events in Romania in October 2010 to promote the use of EU funds to support the integration of the Roma. These events aimed at raising awareness about the opportunities offered by the European Social Fund, the European Regional Development Fund and the European Agriculture Fund for Rural Development, promoting their use and improving the impact of projects supported by them. They were also part of a process towards a better involvement of the Roma in the implementation of the EU funds operational programmes. These events brought together representatives from EU, national and local public authorities as well as from civil society, the media and academics, with the