issues shall be opened in cases where the opinion of the latter diverges from the initial decisions taken by the Bureau; (c) at the end of the procedure, the Bureau shall take the final decision on the estimates for the establishment plan, in accordance with Rule 207(3), without prejudice to decisions taken pursuant to Article 314 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 3. As regards the estimates proper, the procedure for drawing up the estimates will begin as soon as the Bureau has taken a final decision on the establishment plan. The stages of that procedure will be those laid down in Rule 79. A conciliation procedure shall be opened in cases where the positions of the committee responsible for budgetary issues and of the Bureau are widely divergent. Rule 80 Power to incur and settle expenditure 1. The President shall incur and settle, or cause to be incurred and settled, the expenditure covered by the internal financial regulations issued by the Bureau after consulting the appropriate committee. 2. The President shall forward the draft annual accounts to the committee responsible. 3. On the basis of a report by the committee responsible, Parliament shall approve its accounts and decide on the granting of a discharge. CHAPTER 9 CONSENT PROCEDURE Rule 81 Consent procedure 1. Where Parliament is asked to give its consent to a proposed act, it shall take a decision on the basis of a recommendation from the committee responsible to approve or reject the act. Parliament shall take a decision on the act requiring its consent under the Treaty on European Union or the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union by means of a single vote, and no amendments may be tabled. The majority required for the adoption of the consent shall be the majority indicated in the article of the Treaty on European Union or the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union that constitutes the legal basis for the proposed act. 2. In the case of accession treaties and international agreements and determination of a serious and persistent breach of common principles by a Member State, Rules 74c, 74e and 90 shall apply respectively. For an enhanced cooperation procedure in an area covered by the ordinary legislative procedure, Rule 74g shall apply. 3. Where Parliament's consent is required for a proposed legislative act or an envisaged international agreement, the