does not allow the sponsoring of news and current affairs programmes. Adopted in EP 29.11.2007 Implementation in Member states by 19.12. 2009 Non-legislative Proposals for university reform In a report on the Bologna Process, which aims to create a European Higher Education Area by 2010, MEPs argued for a more flexible university system in three stages: bachelor/master/doctorate. They suggested a "4+1" year system for the first 2 stages could facilitate employability. Parliament also proposed the introduction of a European Student Identity Card to facilitate mobility and enable students to get discounts in other countries. Bologna-process, Initiative report adopted 23.09.2008 Early learning of foreign langua ges Proficiency in at least two foreign languages should be a basic skill for every European, stressed the European Parliament. MEPs argued in a non binding resolution that pupils should learn at least two foreign languages at an early age. Language studies also receive financing from the EU Lifelong learning programmes (Erasmus. Leonardo, Comenius) Common indicator for language learning. Report adopted in EP: 27.04.2006 Call for more sports in schools Parliament highlighted the importance of sports in society and called for at least three hours a week of compulsory physical education in schools. A key aim is to combat children obesity. Football in the spotlight Several parliamentary resolutions addressed professional football in the EU and emphasised that EU competition rules should not impede recruitment of locally trained players. Following racist remarks in football stadiums, MEPs called on UEFA and other competition organisers in Europe to ensure that referees stop or abandon matches in the event of serious racist abuse. Parliament also alerted on possible corruption in football. LUX-prize: commitment to cinema MEPs have repeatedly voiced their strong support for the European film industry. In 2006, they adopted the €755 million EU Media programme (2007-2013), supporting audiovisual production in Europe. In 2007, the LUX-prize for cinema was first awarded. The objective of the European Parliament cinema-prize is to facilitate the distribution of European films in other member states by subtitling the winning film in the 23 official EU-languages. 2008: Year of Intercultural Dialogue To celebrate the Year of Intercultural dialogue in 2008 the Parliament hosted, in formal plenary sitting, the Dalai Lama, Chief Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, the Grand Mufti of Syria, Ahmad Bader Hassoun, the Ecumenical Patriarch of the Orthodox Church, Bartholomew I, the UN Special Rapporteur on Freedom of Religion or Belief, Asma Jilani Jahangir and