1. The following voting procedure shall apply to reports: (a) first, voting on any amendments to the text with which the report of the committee responsible is concerned, (b) second, voting on that text as a whole, amended or otherwise, (c) third, voting on amendments to the motion for a resolution/draft legislative resolution, (d) finally, voting on the motion for a resolution/draft legislative resolution as a whole (final vote). Parliament shall not vote on the explanatory statement contained in the report. 2. The following procedure shall apply to second readings: (a) where no proposal to reject or amend the Council's position has been tabled, it shall be deemed to have been approved in accordance with Rule 72; (b) a proposal to reject the Council's position shall be voted upon before voting on any amendments (see Rule 65(1)); (c) where several amendments to the Council's position have been tabled they shall be put to the vote in the order set out in Rule 161; (d) where Parliament has held a vote with a view to amending the Council's position, a further vote on the text as a whole may only be taken in accordance with Rule 65(2). 3. The procedure set out in Rule 69 shall apply to third readings. 4. In voting on legislative texts and on non-legislative motions for resolutions, votes relating to substantive parts shall be taken first, followed by votes relating to citations and recitals. Amendments shall fall if they are inconsistent with a prior vote. 5. The only Member permitted to speak during the vote shall be the rapporteur, who shall have the opportunity of expressing briefly the views of the committee responsible on the amendments put to the vote. Rule 159 Tied votes 1. In the event of a tied vote under Rule 158(1)(b) or (d), the text as a whole shall be referred back to committee. This shall also apply to votes under Rules 3 and 7 and to final votes under Rules 186 and 198, on the understanding that, in the case of these two Rules, the matter is referred back to the Conference of Presidents. 2. In the event of a tied vote on the agenda as a whole (Rule 140) or the minutes as a whole (Rule 179), or on a text put to a split vote under Rule 163, the text shall be deemed adopted. 3. In all other cases