been adopted by the committee. In this case the draft legislative resolution and the amendments shall be submitted to Parliament without debate pursuant to Rule 138(1), second subparagraph, (2) and (4). 3. If at least one tenth of the committee's members object, the amendments shall be put to the vote at the next meeting of the committee. 4. The first and second sentences of paragraph 1, the first, second and third sentences of paragraph 2 and paragraph 3 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to committee opinions within the meaning of Rule 49. Rule 47 Non-legislative reports 1. Where a committee draws up a non-legislative report, it shall appoint a rapporteur from among its members or permanent substitutes. 2. The rapporteur shall be responsible for preparing the committee's report and for presenting it to Parliament on behalf of the committee. 3. The committee's report shall comprise: (a) a motion for a resolution; (b) an explanatory statement including a financial statement which establishes the magnitude of any financial impact of the report and its compatibility with the multiannual financial framework; (c) the texts of any motions for resolutions to be included under Rule 120(4). Rule 48 Own-initiative reports 1. A committee intending to draw up a report and to submit to Parliament a motion for a resolution on a subject within its competence on which neither a consultation nor a request for an opinion has been referred to it under Rule 188(1) may do so only with the authorisation of the Conference of Presidents. Where such authorisation is withheld the reason must always be stated. Where the subject of the report is a proposal tabled by a Member pursuant to Rule 42(2), authorisation may be withheld only if the conditions set out in Article 5 of the Statute for Members and in Article 225 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union are not met. The Conference of Presidents takes a decision on requests for authorisation to draw up reports submitted pursuant to paragraph 1 on the basis of implementing provisions which it itself lays down. If a committee's competence to draw up a report for which it has requested authorisation is challenged, the Conference of Presidents takes a decision within six weeks on the basis of a recommendation from the Conference of Committee Chairs, or, if no such recommendation is forthcoming, from its Chair. If the Conference of Presidents