11 December 2001 MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION further to Oral Question B5‑0537/2001 pursuant to Rule 42(5) of the Rules of Procedure by Pere Esteve, Ole Andreasen, Marieke Sanders-ten Holte, Elizabeth Lynne, Luciano Caveri and Astrid Thors on behalf of the ELDR Group on language diversity European Parliament resolution on language diversity The European Parliament, – having regard to Article 22 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, – having regard to Decision No 1934/2000/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 July 2000 establishing the European Year of Languages 2001, A. whereas linguistic diversity is one of Europe's basic values and one of its major strengths, B. whereas Article 22 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights, whereby the Union ‘shall respect cultural, religious and linguistic diversity’, gives the Union a legal obligation in this field, C. whereas all languages have equal cultural value and dignity and need to be protected, D. whereas some regional languages are spoken by more than 7.1 million people and understood by more than 9.8 million people; whereas more than 40 million people in total speak a regional or minority language, and this figure cannot fail to rise with enlargement, E. whereas languages need to be used in order to be kept alive, and this includes use in new technologies and the development of new technologies such as translation machines, 1. Welcomes the success of the European Year of Languages, especially the successful inclusion of programmes concerning regional and minority languages; 2. Believes that respect for linguistic diversity secures respect for cultural diversity and helps eradicate xenophobia, racism, anti-Semitism and intolerance; 3. Asks the Commission and the Council to ensure that the right enshrined in Article 22 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights is respected and developed through concrete measures to fully recognise and promote linguistic diversity across all sectors of cultural policy, including education and the media, and at political level; 4. Reiterates its belief that knowledge of languages, including regional and minority languages, is a precondition if citizens of the European Union are to benefit from the occupational and personal opportunities open to them in the single market; 5. Asks the Commission to follow up the European Year of Languages and consider the possibility of promoting and safeguarding regional and minority languages, including sign languages, as part of existing programmes; 6. Points to the fact that the European Parliament has voted EUR