amendment in the first sentence the right of access to the whole network is extended comprehensively to rail passenger services; see justification to Amendment 2. The new second sentence makes it clear that the right of access to the network must necessarily entail the right to apply for and be allocated train paths, since the right of access would otherwise be meaningless. The range of parties so entitled is also being extended, as explained in the justification to Amendment 3. Amendment 5 ARTICLE 1, SOLE PARAGRAPH 3 Article 10, Paragraph 3 (Directive 91/440/EWG) (b) Paragraph 3 is deleted . Paragraph 3 is replaced by the following : "3. Independently of operating mode, railway undertakings within the scope of Article 2 shall, for the purpose of operating international transport goods services, be granted, on equitable conditions, the access sought by them to the Trans-European Rail Freight Network within the meaning of Article 10a and Annex I, and, in any event not later than 1 January 2006, access to the whole network." Justification Since, as explained in Amendment 1 and its justification, the special 'Trans-European Rail Freight Network' is to be established, the Commission proposal to delete the reference to the special network should itself be deleted. At the same time, however, a firm deadline for the transition from the special network to the opening up of the whole network for international freight transport must be fixed, and must correspond to the deadline proposed by the rapporteur for implementing the directive in accordance with Amendment 11. Amendment 6 ARTICLE 1, SOLE PARAGRAPH 3 Article 10, Paragraph 5 (Directive 91/440/EWG) (c) Paragraph 5 is replaced by the following: “5. Any railway undertaking engaged in rail transport services under paragraphs 1 and 2 shall conclude the necessary administrative, technical and financial agreements on the basis of public or private law with the infrastructure managers of the railway infrastructure used with a view to regulating traffic control and safety issues concerning that transport. The conditions governing such agreements shall be non-discriminatory and, if applicable, in conformity with the provisions of Directive 2000/14/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 February 2001 on the allocation of railway infrastructure capacity and the levying of charges for the use of railway infrastructure and safety certification[. Deleted Justification Since the Commission amendment is a follow-up amendment to the amendment to delete the 'Trans-European Rail Freight Network',