aim of my report is to reduce the error rate", said Polish Socialist Bogusław Liberadzki, Parliament's rapporteur. More transparency in Member States and Commission A general problem with controlling the spending of EU funding lies with the Member States, which spend 80 percent of the EU budget. Most States do not draw up national management declarations, as called for by Parliament for a long time, which could facilitate the control of this expenditure. Parliament welcomes the fact that Denmark, the Netherlands, Sweden and the United Kingdom have all made such declarations. MEPs want to see more transparency in the Commission, including public information about members of expert and working groups, the setting-up of a public register of NGOs receiving EU funds and a revised code of conduct. The Commission's discharge was granted by 520 votes to 68, with 34 abstentions. Parliament's budget approved By 535 votes to 73 and 29 abstentions, Parliament granted its President the discharge for the EP's 2008 budget. MEPs welcomed the "very positive developments in Parliament's financial management" which the discharge reports of the last decade have brought about. MEPs also this year adopted various suggestions on improving the transparency and efficiency of the EP's internal financial controls. To improve the control system, MEPs request an annual debate between the Secretary-General and the Budgetary Control Committee, special training courses on procurement and an annual report on the activities of the risk manager. Bart Staes (Greens/EFA, BE) drafted the report on Parliament's discharge. Many problems to solve for the European Police College The only agency that was not granted discharge was the European Police College, based in Bramshill, some 70 kilometres from London. MEPs list a series of problems that need to be solved as soon as possible. For instance, the college does not follow EU rules for public procurement and in its accounts; it has sometimes recorded the same assets twice. The EU anti-fraud office OLAF is currently investigating whether the College's mobile phones, furniture, pool cars and shuttle services have been used for private purposes. MEPs voted by 605 votes to 6, with 12 abstentions to postpone granting the discharge until October. To improve the budgetary control of the Police College, MEPs have drawn up an action plan, to be introduced by the College's director before the end of June. The Budgetary Control Committee will now monitor further improvements in the College. Parliament will decide