He said such "abuses" should lead us to return to principles and the law. Big corporations were afraid of losing their protection, but the costs of patents were rising. "Freedom is better," said Mr Rocard, saying that those who opposed his position showed the weakness of their arguments by resorting to insults about returning to the middle ages. It was time to reconcile law with consistency and clarity. He called on corporations to adjust to this new situation. Political group speakers Piia-Noora KAUPPI (FI) for the EPP-ED group criticised the fact that the Council common position did not include any of the European Parliament's first reading amendments. She called for support for the EPP-ED " moderate " amendments which seek to tighten up the directive. Mrs Kauppi also criticised the European Patent Office. The directive, she said, should allow the development of " open-source " software and enable businesses to flourish and patents should be available quickly. Mrs Kauppi stated that it was " likely " that conciliation would be needed and warned that the Parliament could still reject the whole directive as " no directive would be better than a bad directive ". Maria BERGER (AT) for the Socialists thanked Michel Rocard and Arlene McCarthy (PES, UK) as the two rapporteurs on the directive. The Council had been inflexible in adopting its common position. Mrs Berger questioned whether this was the right way to legislate. The EU needed a properly functioning European patent system easily accessible by both large and small companies. Mrs Berger stated that she backed the proposed amendments from Mr Rocard. Toine MANDERS (NL) for the ALDE group stated that the European Patent Office, based in Munich, has recently granted " pointless patents " and there was a consensus that these should not have been granted. Article 52 of the Munich Convention, he said, was legally clear and he questioned why this was being disputed. There should be, he said, democratic control of the European Patent Office and this directive was not the correct method to legislate. Evelin LICHTENBERGER (AT), on behalf of the Greens/EFA group, said that while everyone agreed on the need for innovation in the Information Technology field, particularly to protect SMEs and enable them to develop, the dispute over amendments risked leaving the backdoor open to the patenting of software. If the common position were to be approved, the gates would flood