producers. The position from the first reading is reinstated. Under the Council's national producer approach, a new mark is required whenever a product is placed on the market in another Member State. This is a clear impediment to the internal market. Under the European producer approach, this obligation only applies to producers that place the product on the EU internal market for the first time. Amendment 62 Council position Article 16 – paragraph 1 – subparagraph 2 Council position Amendment Producers supplying EEE by means of distance communication shall be registered in the Member State that they sell to. Producers supplying EEE by means of distance communication as defined in Article 3(1)(f)(iv) shall be registered through their legal representatives as referred to in Article 17, unless they are already registered in the Member State that they are selling to. deleted Justification Distance selling is an important dimension to trade in the internal market, so it is welcome that the Council devotes particular attention to this aspect [cf. Article 3(1)( f)(iv)]. Whilst this aspect is covered by Parliament’s general European approach, it makes sense to provide a concise summary of this point in an Article. A separate article has therefore been introduced dealing with the distance selling of EEE (see the amendment to Article 17). Amendment 63 Council position Article 16 – paragraph 2 Council position Amendment 2. Member States shall ensure that 2. Member States shall ensure that a) each producer or, in the case of producers as defined in Article 3(1)(f)(iv), each legal representative is registered as required and has the possibility of entering online in their national register all relevant information reflecting his activities in that Member State , a) each producer established on their respective territories is registered as required and has the possibility of entering online in their national register all relevant information reflecting its activities in all Member States ; b) upon registering, each producer or, in the case of producers as defined in Article 3(1)(f)(iv), each legal representative provide the information set out in Annex X part A, undertaking to update it as appropriate, b) upon registering, each producer provide the information set out in Annex X part A, undertaking to update it as appropriate; c) each producer or, in the case of producers as defined in Article 3(1)(f)(iv), each legal representative provide the information set out in Annex X part B. c) each