directive will become a "driver for Europe's economic recovery", he said. Other priorities include further modernising energy infrastructure, the Energy Roadmap 2050, the Low-Carbon Economy Roadmap, the regulation on the safety of offshore oil and gas extraction and the legislative proposal to create an information exchange mechanism with regard to inter-governmental agreements in energy field. The Single Market Act is also a key priority, Business and Growth Minister Ole Sohn told the committee on 25 January, adding that the Digital Single Market and Digital Agenda are of special interest for EU's "financial consolidation and growth". A first-reading agreement on Roaming Regulation III will probably be reached under this Presidency, whilst the Connecting Europe Facility, the directive on access to public data and clarifying ENISA's future are also important priorities. Horizon 2020, the EU research and innovation framework programme for 2014-2020, is a key legislative priority, Research, Innovation and Higher Education Minister Morten Ostergaard told the committee on 24 January. In these challenging times, the Commission proposal is the right way to strengthen research and innovation in order to create growth and jobs, he said. Other legislative priorities include the European Institute for Innovation and Technology, the Global Monitoring for Environment and Security (GMES) programme, which aims to help combat climate change and environmental degradation, and Euratom. In the chair: Amalia Sartori (EPP, IT) Employment and social affairs Tackling youth unemployment is a priority for Presidency, Employment Minister Mette Frederiksen and Social Affairs and Integration Minister Karen Haekkerup told the Employment and Social Affairs committee on 25 January. The new European Social Fund (ESF) and European Globalisation Fund (EGF) proposals would play a part in this, they added. MEPs expressed concern about unemployment across all age groups during the crisis and asked for specific measures to fight it. They also discussed the ministers' other priorities: the posting of workers directive, the Social Change and Innovation programme and changes to the Social Security Coordination regulation. In the chair: Pervenche Berès (S&D, FR) Regional policy The key cohesion policy priority is to take negotiations on the reform package as far as possible, European Affairs Minister Nicolai Wammen told the Regional Development Committee on 25 January. Mr Wammen stressed the cohesion policy is now subject to co-decision and is thus a joint responsibility of Parliament and the Council. He also tried to dispel the "myth" that Denmark, as net payer, would not be interested