Compensation for passengers in the event of shipping accidents and an EU blacklist of substandard ships are among highlights of the third maritime package, a long-awaited raft of legislation that was adopted by the European Parliament. The seven pieces of legislation in the package - also known as "Erika III" after the 1999 Erika oil spill - will improve both the safety of ships and the action taken in the event of an accident. The package covers not just compensation for passengers but also ship inspections, port state control, shipping accident investigations and the choice of the authority that decides where a ship in distress should go. All the legislation was approved by Parliament following a deal reached with Council in conciliation negotiations. Adopted by EP: 11.03.2009 Single European Sky European aviation will be governed by more efficient rules, which should lead to shorter flights, fewer delays and reduced fuel consumption. The adopted regulation establishes binding objectives for air traffic control and air management in terms of safety, environment, capacity, and cost efficiency. Member States must establish a system of incentives and sanctions to assure that targets are met. Regulation adopted by the EP: 25.03.2009 New maritime legislation The third maritime package aims to reinforce existing legislation protecting Europe against maritime accidents and pollution. It includes provisions on flag states' obligations, the inspection regime in EU ports, places of refuge for ships in distress, passenger protection standards, insurance obligations, classification societies and civil liability issues. Directives and regulations adopted by the EP: 11.03.2009 Airport slots: European Parliament agrees to suspend the "use it or lose it" rule Airline companies hit by the economic slowdown will benefit from relaxed rules on the allocation of airport slots, allowing them not to lose unused slots, MEPs agree in Strasbourg today when they adopted a legislative report with 508 votes in favour, 20 against and 7 abstentions. Air carriers will be entitled to the same series of slots during the summer 2010 scheduling season as were allocated to them during the summer 2009 season, even if they use them less than 80% of the time this year, according to the draft Regulation revising rules laid out by the EU in 1993 (Regulation EEC No 95/93.) Adopted: 7.5.2009 MEPs adopt road transport package Fewer empty lorries travelling across Europe, longer maximum working hours for coach and bus drivers and tougher inspections of transport companies: these