2004/C 33 E/010 WRITTEN QUESTION E-2558/02 by Erik Meijer (GUE/NGL) to the Commission (13 September 2002) Subject: Financial control 2: opposing views on the part of members of the Commission and of the administration 1. Why did the Commission take the risk, despite the damage this was likely to cause (see previous series of questions), of further alienating public opinion by removing the former head of the accountancy service Marta Andreasen from office in May 2002, after she warned, first internally and later publicly, about the Commission's poor internal controls? 2. Does the Commission recall that this is not the first time that an official has been removed from office for voicing criticism in this way? What lessons has it learned from the earlier case of dismissal (Paul van Buitenen, 1999)? 3. Is the Commission surprised that the criticisms made by Mrs Andreasen were later confirmed by Jules Muis, head of the internal audit service, as well as by the European Court of Auditors, which, according to a report in the Financial Times, considers that the Commission's accounting systems are unreliable and insecure and fail to take account of generally accepted accounting standards or to use double-entry bookkeeping methods which, in comparable cases, facilitate control of revenues and expenditure? 4. Have the documents prepared by the Court of Auditors and by Mr Muis been made public, so as to enable anyone wishing to do so to verify the criticisms leaked by the press? If not, why not? 5. Why, following a statement by Mrs Andreasen in London on 1 August 2002 claiming that the EU budget was highly susceptible to fraud, that the system was worse than that of the collapsed American companies Enron and WorldCom, that there was no means of verifying figures and that fraud could be concealed in the system without anyone seeing or detecting it, did Commissioner Schreyer help further discredit the way in which the EU operates by responding that the report by the Court of Auditors would not be published because it contained errors and because the tenor of the report was inaccurate and that Mrs Andreasen should never have been recruited? 6. Does the Commission consider — not only in this case but also in other cases — that it is an appropriate and effective administrative response to brand conflicting opinions inaccurate and to use this description as an argument for excluding them