contracts, important to ensure European security of supply. Justification It is not at all certain that regulated TPA will be sufficient to perpetuate long-term transits, which are an essential element for guaranteeing security of supply. Nevertheless, these contracts are vital for ensuring security of supply for countries producing little or no gas. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT In response to the desire of the Lisbon European Council in March 2000 for completion of the internal markets in gas and electricity and Parliament’s urging that a timetable be adopted, the Commission submitted proposals in March 2001 for amendments to Directives 96/92/EC (internal market in electricity) and 98/30/EC (internal market in natural gas). Parliament concluded its first reading on 13 March 2002, making a number of amendments to the Commission proposal. The Council, which had hoped for an early decision, was not itself able to act speedily and did not reach a political agreement until considerably later, at the end of November 2002. The common position that was concluded on this basis was submitted to Parliament in February 2003. Five years after the first gas directive was adopted, the EU is now in sight of the goal of a completely open market in the energy sector through the introduction of competition, thus improving efficiency in the energy sector and the competitiveness of the European economy. The main factors that must be borne in mind for the gas directive (and also for the electricity directive) are as follows: ∙ setting a timetable for full opening of the market, ∙ legal unbundling, ∙ regulating access to the network by third parties, ∙ the regulatory authority, ∙ monitoring security of supply, including the incorporation of biogas and gas from biomass, investment obligations and ∙ reporting obligations, ∙ impact on employment, ∙ security of provision. Your rapporteur does not consider that the common position is the optimal solution. It falls significantly short of the text that emerged from the first reading in Parliament. Many points are too half-hearted and unspecific in relation to the political aim. Nonetheless it is going in the right direction. Your rapporteur therefore recommends that amendments at second reading be kept to a few important additions and clarifications, consistent with the outcome of the first reading. Opening the market The common position sets 1 July 2007 as the date for full opening of the market. At first reading Parliament proposed 1 January 2005. Your rapporteur