to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data 13 prohibits in principle the processing of data concerning health. Limited exemptions to this prohibition are laid down. Directive 95/46/EC also requires the controller to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access and against all other unlawful forms of processing. In line with that Directive, strict confidentiality rules and security measures should be in place for the protection of donors’ and recipients’ personal data. Moreover, the competent authority may also consult the national Data Protection Authority in relation to developing a framework for the transfer to and from third countries of data concerning organs. Justification Confidentiality rules and security measures should be taken for the protection of the donors' and recipients' personal data. We make the reference under this recital which establishes clearly the obligation to comply with the requirements stated in Directive 95/46/EC. Amendment 14 Proposal for a directive Recital 19 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (19) The competent authorities of the Member States should have a key role to play in ensuring the quality and safety of organs during the entire chain from donation to transplantation. As emphasised by the Recommendation of the Committee of Ministers to Member States on the background, functions and responsibilities of a National Transplant Organisation (NTO) of the Council of Europe , it is preferable to have a single body which is officially recognised and non-profit making with overall responsibility for donation, allocation, traceability and accountability. However, depending especially on the repartition of competences within the Member States, a combination of local, regional, national and/or international bodies may work together to co-ordinate donation, allocation and/or transplantation, provided that the framework in place ensures accountability, co-operation and efficiency (19) The competent authorities of the Member States should have a key role to play in ensuring the quality and safety of organs during the entire chain from donation to transplantation and throughout the patient’s recovery , based on best medical practice in post-transplantation treatment . As emphasised by the Recommendation of the Committee of Ministers to Member States on the background, functions and responsibilities of a National Transplant Organisation (NTO) of the Council of Europe15, it is preferable to have a single body which is officially recognised and non-profit making with overall responsibility for