Answer given by Ms Geoghegan-Quinn on behalf of the Commission (13 May 2011) The Commission is aware of the need to develop better vaccines, drugs and diagnostic tools against tuberculosis (TB). As pointed out by the Honourable Member, the current tools are old and outdated. The framework programmes for research and technological development (FPs) have consistently seen TB as a priority, and a total of EUR 133 million have been allocated to collaborative research projects in the sixth and seventh framework programme for research and technological development (FP6, 2002‑06 and FP7, 2007‑13) from 2002 until today. This has resulted in funding of a wide variety of TB research with a focus on discovering and developing new diagnostic tests, drugs and vaccine candidates. The Commission recognises the importance of vaccines in eliminating TB as a global public health problem. In FP6, several TB vaccine projects have therefore been supported, most notably the collaborative project TB-VAC, ‘An integrated project for new vaccines against tuberculosis’, which brought five vaccine candidates to phase I clinical trials. New candidates will be developed in the FP7 project NEWTBVAC, ‘Discovery and preclinical development of new generation tuberculosis vaccines’. The TB-VAC and NEWTBVAC projects have received a total EU contribution of EUR 29 million. Some of the new vaccine candidates are promising, but there are no guarantees that any of them will show better efficacy than the currently used BCG vaccine. Advanced clinical trials are also very costly, and the Commission has therefore supported two major initiatives that allow Member States, charity organisations, industry and other interested third parties to co-finance the development of new TB vaccines together with the Commission. The Tuberculosis Vaccine Initiative (TBVI) is a public-private-partnership that was established in 2008 by the FP7 project ‘Establishment, strategy and initial activities of the tuberculosis vaccine initiative: coordination of European efforts with global research initiatives’ (ESI-TBVI). The European and Developing Countries Clinical Trials Partnership (EDCTP) is a joint initiative between the Commission and 16 European countries to support advanced clinical trials in Sub-Saharan Africa. The EDCTP is currently supporting eight trials on tuberculosis vaccines. It is too early to speculate on the precise content of the future common strategic framework for research and innovation funding, but the Commission is aware that developing new pharmaceutical products is a long-term endeavour. It is also worth noticing that the common strategic framework will have an increased focus on innovation and