Answer given by Mr Frattini on behalf of the Commission (1 April 2005) 1. The United Nations Convention against Corruption opened for signature on 9 December 2003. According to the website of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime www.unodc.org , as of 31 December 2004, 19 Member States had signed the Convention, namely: Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Sweden, United Kingdom. None had ratified it by that date. Since part of the Convention falls under exclusive competence of the EC, no Member State should sign or ratify the Convention before the EC is in a position to do so. 2. The criteria for membership, which were laid down by the Copenhagen European Council in 1993, and which are known as the Copenhagen Criteria, require that the candidate country must have achieved 3. stability of institutions guaranteeing democracy, the rule of law, human rights and respect for and protection of minorities; 4. the existence of a functioning market economy as well as the capacity to cope with competitive pressure and market forces within the Union; 5. the ability to take on the obligations of membership, including adherence to the aims of political, economic and monetary union. Membership criteria also require that the candidate country must have created the conditions for its integration through the adjustment of its administrative structures, as underlined by the Madrid European Council in December, 1995. It is necessary to fulfil the Copenhagen Criteria before the EU initiates negotiations on membership. Accordingly, the question of a Member State being in breach of these criteria would not arise. 6. With regard to evaluation of Member States’ compliance with EU anti-corruption instruments, and potentially of other relevant international instruments, consideration is currently being given to the development of an evaluation mechanism over the coming years, which would include both corruption and other areas within its scope. 7. The Treaty on European Union does not provide the Commission with the legal competence to sanction Member States, but focuses instead on the development of closer cooperation between police forces, customs authorities and other competent authorities in the Member States, closer cooperation between judicial and other competent authorities of the Member States and of approximation, where necessary, of rules on criminal matters in the Member States. Without prejudice to the Commission’s competence in the field of protection of the