or microbiological as well as pharmacological and toxicological tests and clinical trials carried out on the product and thus proving its quality, safety and efficacy. (2) Where the applicant can demonstrate by detailed references to published scientific literature that the constituent or the constituents of the medicinal product have a well established medicinal use with recognised efficacy and an acceptable level of safety in the sense of Directive 2001/83/EC, he should not be required to provide the results of pre-clinical tests or the results of clinical trials. (3) A significant number of medicinal products, despite their long tradition, do not fulfil the requirements of a well established medicinal use with recognised efficacy and an acceptable level of safety and are not eligible for a marketing authorisation. To maintain these products on the market, the Member States have enacted different procedures and provisions. The differences that currently exist between the provisions laid down in the Member States may hinder trade in traditional medicinal products within the Community and lead to discrimination and distortion of competition between manufacturers of these products. They may also have an impact on the protection of public health since the necessary guarantees of quality, safety and efficacy are not always given at present. (4) Having regard to the particular characteristics of these medicinal products, especially their long tradition, it is desirable to provide a special, simplified registration procedure for certain traditional medicinal products. However, this simplified procedure should be eligible only where no marketing authorisation under Directive 2001/83/EC, in particular due to lack of sufficient scientific literature demonstrating a well established medicinal use with recognised efficacy and an acceptable level of safety, can be obtained. It should likewise not apply to homeopathic medicinal products eligible for a marketing authorisation or for a registration under Directive 2001/83/EC. (5) The long tradition of the medicinal product allows clinical trials to be dispensed with where the efficacy of the medicinal product is plausible on the basis of long-term use and experience. Pre-clinical tests do not seem necessary where, on the basis of the information on its traditional use, the medicinal product proves not to be harmful in specified conditions of use. However, even the long tradition does not exclude the fact that there may be concerns with regard to the product's safety, so the competent authorities should be entitled to ask for all data necessary for assessing the safety. The