Ombudsman may transfer a complaint to another competent authority. Article 3 Admissibility of complaints 3.1. On the basis of the criteria laid down in the Treaty and the Statute, the Ombudsman determines whether a complaint is within his mandate and if so, whether it is admissible; he may request the complainant to provide further information or documents before making the determination. 3.2. If a complaint is outside the mandate, or inadmissible, the Ombudsman closes the file on the complaint. He informs the complainant of his decision and of the reasons for it. The Ombudsman may advise the complainant to apply to another authority. Article 4 Inquiries into admissible complaints 4.1. The Ombudsman decides whether there are sufficient grounds to justify making inquiries into an admissible complaint. 4.2. If he does not find sufficient grounds to justify making inquiries, the Ombudsman closes the file on the complaint and informs the complainant accordingly. The Ombudsman may also inform the institution concerned. 4.3. If the Ombudsman finds sufficient grounds to justify making inquiries, he informs the complainant and the institution concerned. He transmits a copy of the complaint to the institution concerned and invites it to submit an opinion within a specified time that is normally no more than three months. The invitation to the institution concerned may specify particular aspects of the complaint, or specific issues, to which the opinion should be addressed. 4.4. The opinion shall not include any information or documents which the institution concerned regards as confidential. 4.5. The institution concerned may request that certain parts of its opinion be disclosed only to the complainant. It shall clearly identify the parts concerned and shall explain the reason or reasons for its request. 4.6. The Ombudsman sends the opinion of the institution concerned to the complainant. The complainant has the opportunity to submit observations to the Ombudsman, within a specified time that is normally no more than one month. 4.7. If he considers it useful to do so, the Ombudsman makes further inquiries. Points 4.3 to 4.6 apply to further inquiries, save that the time limit for the institution concerned to reply is normally one month. 4.8. Where he considers it appropriate to do so, the Ombudsman may use a simplified procedure, with a view to achieving a rapid solution. 4.9. When he has completed his inquiries. the Ombudsman closes the case with a reasoned decision and informs the complainant