the WTO Dispute Settlement Body concerning the organisation of its customs, certain features of which do not comply with WTO rules; this is due in particular to the intervention of numerous national administrations. Even within the World Customs Organisation (WCO), of which the European Community has only been a member since 2007, progress in terms of the efficiency and global harmonisation of customs procedures has slowed down due to the security concerns which have emerged in the United States since the attacks of 11 September 2001. Last August, the US Congress passed a law (the 100% scanning law) which to all intents and purposes shatters the system. Even if this law is to become fully enforceable only in 2012, it is already opening up a period of uncertainty with regard to the worldwide movement of goods. It is against this background that European customs have reached a turning point, at which their future for the next twenty years is being redrawn. That is why your rapporteur has taken the initiative of launching a political debate on implementing trade policy through import and export rules and procedures. Parliament will thus be able to express itself on these topics which are vital for the Union’s competitiveness and the protection of its citizens, the latter issue, since the Lisbon Treaty currently under ratification in the Member States, having become one of the Union’s objectives. With a view to a wide-ranging consultation of stakeholders in the customs field, at the proposal of your rapporteur, on 19 December 2007 the Committee on International Trade held a mini-hearing, attended by speakers from the Commission, the WCO, the WTO and BusinessEurope. The documents relating to the proceedings are included in this report as a working document. It is worth noting that import and export procedures are a cross-sector issue. They are, of course, an essential aspect of the functioning of the internal market, which needs common rules to be applied in a harmonised manner at its external borders. That is why customs-related matters, such as the recent Modernised Community Customs Code, are included among the responsibilities of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection. However, these common rules go way beyond the internal market as such and have an impact on all aspects of trade policy and hence of the Union’s economic competitiveness and the protection of its citizens. The role of customs in the