EU membership prospects of Albania and Kosovo Enlargement Committees Foreign Affairs 2010-06-23 - 14:15 Albania has made progress on reform, but must do more to curb corruption, and all EU Member States should back a common approach to Kosovo, says the Foreign Affairs Committee in two resolutions, approved Wednesday, on these countries' EU membership prospects. Provided the Copenhagen EU eligibility criteria are met, Parliament should back the eventual EU membership of all Western Balkan countries, it adds. Both resolutions are to be put to a plenary vote in July. MEPs acknowledge Albania's progress on reform, but stress the need for further substantial efforts to consolidate democracy and the rule of law and foster the country's sustainable development, including a reform of the judicial system and the fight against corruption, which "is still a prevailing problem", says a resolution drafted by Nikolaos Chountis (GUE/NGL, EL). The resolution also calls for a solution to the current political stalemate following the parliamentary elections of June 2009. It notes that "fully functioning institutions, especially the Parliament, are the backbone of a consolidated democratic system and (...) an important political criterion for EU integration". Reform of the judicial system Another prerequisite for Albania's joining the EU is judicial reform, including the enforcement of court decisions and ensuring the separation of powers in a democratic society. A transparent, impartial and efficient judiciary, independent of any political and other pressures or control, is fundamental to the rule of law, stress MEPs. Towards visa-free travel for Albanian citizens Albania's initiatives to waive visa obligations for the EU neighbourhood countries are seen as a positive step that facilitates people-to-people contacts and enhances regional reconciliation. But these initiatives should be taken in parallel with the visa liberalisation process under way between the Schengen countries and countries of the region, say MEPs. The European Commission proposed on 27 May 2010 that citizens of Albania (and Bosnia and Herzegovina) be permitted to travel with biometric passports to the Schengen countries without needing a visa. The proposal is conditional upon Albania's remedying remaining shortcomings in reintegrating Albanian returnees and enforcing laws to combat organised crime and corruption. According to the European Commission, the monitoring exercise could take place over the summer, so that the Parliament and Council can take a final decision by the end of 2010. The resolution was approved in the Foreign Affairs Committee with 59 votes in favour and one