], [ "Program director", [ "In service industries, such as education, a program manager or program director researches, plans, develops and implements one or more of the firm's professional services.", " For example, in education, a program director is responsible for developing and maintaining degree-granting programs and/or other educational services." ] ], [ "James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy", [ "The James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy, also known as the Baker Institute, is an American think tank on the campus of Rice University in Houston, Texas.", " Founded in 1993, it functions as a nonpartisan center for public policy research.", " According to the \"2015 Global Go To Think Tank Index Report\" (Think Tanks and Civil Societies Program, University of Pennsylvania), the institute is No. 18 (of 60) in the \"Top Think Tanks in the United States\" and No. 4 (of 45) of the \"Best University Affiliated Thanks\".", " Its Center for Energy Studies is ranked No. 2 (of 55) among the world’s energy- and resource-policy think tanks, according to the Think Tanks and Civil Societies Program’s 2015 Index Report.", " It is named for James A. Baker, III, former United States secretary of state and secretary of the Treasury.", " The institute's director Edward P. Djerejian is the former United States ambassador to Israel and Syria and assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern Affairs.", " The institute's board of advisors include William Barnett (Chair), Colin Powell, Madeleine Albright and Rice University's President David Leebron." ] ], [ "Muthyala Theophilus", [ "M. Theophilus \"(May 7, 1895 - December 10, 1946)\" was a Baptist Patriarch and Spiritual Formator of the Protestant Convention of Baptist Churches of Northern Circars, a major congregation along the Bay of Bengal in Andhra Pradesh, India that extends from Srikakulam District in the northern tip through Guntur District in the middle.", " Theophilus taught at the Baptist Theological Seminary, Kakinada during the period 1926-1946 and was also Senator of India's first University, the Senate of Serampore College (University) during 1942-1946 taking forward not only the theological concerns of the University but also the concerns of Serampore College, which as a dual University affiliated entity, had the arts, science and commerce faculties affiliated to the University of Calcutta.", " In matters of Church union, Theophilus actively cooperated with the National Council of Churches in India that not only incorporated the Protestant and