States on the training and certification of seafarers . Making maritime jobs more attractive to EU citizens is a long-standing shared objective. EMSA is already assisting the Commission with an impact study on the enforcement of the Maritime Labour Convention through EU legislation. It would also be qualified to assist with implementation of the forthcoming Maritime Social Package. EMSA should also facilitate a network of maritime training academies so as to share best practice and ensure high standards. At present EMSA only acts on behalf of the Commission in checking the preconditions for the recognition of Recognised Organisations . These audits cover requirements with regard to international conventions. They therefore involve almost exactly the same issues as those assessed by Member States. If EMSA were also to carry out the required audits on their behalf, this would result in economies of scale. Additional national requirements would not be excluded. With regard to port state control , the Paris MoU Secretariat is a separate entity covering Russia and Canada as well as the EU, but EMSA contributes substantially to its work. A redistribution of tasks or an eventual merger could lead to significant efficiency gains. Giving EMSA greater scope to assist neighbouring countries in reducing pollution risks and responding to pollution seems highly desirable. There is little doubt that, were there to be a pollution incident in the Southern Mediterranean, some of the oil would end up in EU waters. In this case, prevention is clearly better than cure. Adjusting the Regulation to make explicit that EMSA can assist the Commission and Member States in regional bodies responding to marine pollution (e.g. the Helsinki and Barcelona Conventions) offers benefits in terms of legal certainty and transparency. Governance aspects As the Commission's proposal recognises, there is a potential conflict of interest for Member State' representatives on the Administrative Board when determining EMSA's visits policy as they are fixing the rules by which their own organisation will be inspected. However, rather than allowing the Agency's operational working methods in the field of inspections to be adopted in comitology, the "delegated acts" provision of the Treaty of Lisbon should be used. In addition, EU enlargement has altered the balance between Member State representatives and those of the Commission. With 27 Member States, but not with 15, it is theoretically possible that a Director be appointed or dismissed against the wishes of the Commission representatives.