needed to establish the country on a firm footing, especially with regard to putting in place a workable education and health system. Warning against complacency, he looked forward to support from the House for future action. For the EPP/ED, Philippe MORILLON (F) sought to reassure both the Council and the Commission that they could rely on the continuing full support of Parliament for their efforts in the region. He recounted personal visits to Afghanistan in which he had seen evidence of real progress on the ground and aid work in action. He too recognised concerns over human rights and the position of women, and indeed pointed out that fundamentalism was still a threat. For the PES, Margrietus van den BERG (PES, NL) too welcomed the successes achieved by the international community united in its efforts and felt it could serve as a good example for other regions such as Iraq. It was, therefore, all the more important for the international community to maintain a united front. He too recognised concerns raised in the debate and the fact that developments were now at a crucial phase. While recognising progress, Baroness Emma NICHOLSON (ELDR, South East), for the Liberals, concentrated on the deteriorating position of women faced with threats such as restrictions on movement and generally being forced into a subordinate role to men. She was particularly concerned about the poor representation of women in key administrative positions and restrictions on appearances in public. Unfortunately, with these developments, Afghanistan seemed to be returning to a "a land of sorrow and suffering". It was, she said, vital to tackle tribal cultural attitudes. For the GUE/NGL Group, Luisa MORGANTINI (I) saw a contradiction between the International Community's values and its actions in Afghanistan. She contended that the US and the EU had been assisting warlords by channelling funds to Afghanistan. The US, she said, had put many of the warlords in place and the US had reaped what it had sown. Mrs Morgantini said more should have been done in the 1980s in terms of nation- building. Jan Joost LAGENDIJK (NL), for the Greens/EFA group, also stressed the lack of improvement in the situation of women in Afghanistan. He called for an extension to the mandate of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan as warlords were beginning to gain strength in remote areas of the country once more. For the UEN group,