with the conventions referred to in Part A of Annex III.’ 'Where the Commission considers that the findings justify temporary withdrawal for the reason referred to in Article 15(1)(a), it shall decide, in accordance with the advisory procedure referred to in Article 27(5), to monitor and evaluate the situation in the beneficiary country concerned for a period of six months. The Commission shall notify the beneficiary country concerned of this decision and shall publish a notice in the Official Journal of the European Union, announcing that it intends to temporarily withdraw the preferential arrangements in respect of all or of certain products originating in a beneficiary country, unless, before the end of the period, the beneficiary country concerned makes a commitment to take the measures necessary to conform, in a reasonable period of time, with the conventions referred to in Part A of Annex III.‘ Amendment 240 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 18 – point 3 – point b Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 19 – paragraph 4 4. Where the Commission considers temporary withdrawal to be necessary, it shall decide in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 27(6). In the case referred to in paragraph 3, the Commission shall act at the end of the period referred to in that paragraph. 4. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 27a in order to decide on the temporary withdrawal. In the case referred to in paragraph 3, the Commission shall act at the end of the period referred to in that paragraph. Amendment 241 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 18 – point 3 – point c Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 19 – paragraph 5 5. Where the Commission decides on temporary withdrawal, such decision shall enter into force six months after it is taken, unless the Commission decides before then that the reasons justifying it no longer prevail. 5. Where the Commission adopts a delegated act on temporary withdrawal, such decision shall enter into force six months after it is taken, unless the delegated acts has been revoked, or the Commission decides to withdraw the delegated act before because the reasons justifying it no longer prevail. Amendment 328 Proposal for a regulation – Annex 1 – section 18 – point 4 – point a Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 20 –