surface of the solution to accelerate the evaporation. 3.3.2. Precipitation and filtration Dissolve the dry residue from 3.3.1 in 5 ml methanol, add 40 ml water and 0 , 5 ml dilute HCl (3.2.3) and stir the mixture with a magnetic stirrer. To this solution add 30 ml of precipitating agent (3.2.6) from a measuring cylinder. The precipitate forms after repeated stirring. After stirring for ten minutes leave the mixture to stand for at least five minutes. Filter the mixture through a Gooch crucible, the base of which is covered with a glass-fibre filter paper. First wash the filter under suction with about 2 ml glacial acetic acid. Then thoroughly wash the beaker, magnet, and crucible with glacial acetic acid, of which about 40-50 ml is necessary. It is not necessary to quantitatively transfer the precipitate adhering to the sides of the beaker, to the filter, because the solution of the precipitate for the titration is returned to the precipitating beaker, and the remaining precipitate will then be dissolved. 3.3.3. Dissolution of the precipitate Dissolve the precipitate in the filter crucible by the addition of hot ammonium tartrate solution (about 80 °C) (3.2.8) in three portions of 10 ml each. Allow each portion to stand in the crucible for some minutes before being sucked through the filter into the flask. Put the contents of the filter flask into the beaker used for the precipitation. Rinse the sides of the beaker with a further 20 ml of tartrate solution to dissolve the rest of the precipitate. Carefully wash the crucible, adapter and filter flask with 150-200 ml water, and return the rinsing water to the beaker used for the precipitation. 3.3.4 The titration Stir the solution using a magnetic stirrer (3.2.16), add a few drops of bromocresol purple (3.2.5) and add the dilute ammonia solution (3.2.9) until the colour turns violet (the solution is initially weakly acid from the residue of acetic acid used for rinsing). Then add 10 ml standard acetate buffer (3.2.10), immerse the electrodes in the solution, and titrate potentiometrically with standard "carbate solution" (3.2.11), the burette tip being immersed in the solution. The titration rate should not exceed 2 ml/min. The endpoint is the intersection of the tangents to the two branches of the potential curve. It will be observed occasionally that the inflection in the potential curve becomes flattened; this can be eliminated by carefully cleaning