WRITTEN QUESTION E-2638/04 by Frank Vanhecke (NI) to the Commission (26 October 2004) Subject: Human rights in Turkey On 6 October 2004 the Commission concluded both in its 2004 progress report on Turkey and in its recommendation to the Council and the European Parliament that Turkey ‘sufficiently’ fulfils the Copenhagen political criteria. According to the Commission, there is no longer any fundamental problem in Turkey in respect of human and minority rights. There are only some ‘restrictions’ as regards fundamental rights and freedoms. The Commission is therefore recommending that accession negotiations be opened with Turkey. On the same day that the Commission was assessing Turkey as respecting the rule of law, the Austrian broadsheet Der Standard reported that some 13.78% of asylum applications from asylum seekers from Turkey are approved. As Reinhard Müller points out in an article in the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung of 12 October 2004 looking at Italian policy on the return of illegal immigrants, refugees are solely persons who have fled their country of origin because of well‑founded fears of persecution on the basis of race, religion, nationality or political conviction. Only asylum applications from those who are able to demonstrate such persecution are approved. The mere fact that an EU Member State grants asylum to people from Turkey indicates that there is still a fundamental problem as regards human and minority rights in Turkey. It is not enough for Turkey to formally enshrine the supremacy of international law in its Constitution and be a contracting party to various human rights treaties. Turkey must also respect human and minority rights in practice. How does the Commission interpret this article in Der Standard? Does this article not discredit the Commission's verdict on respect for the Copenhagen political criteria? Does this report not imply that the Commission took a purely political decision on 6 October 2004 which has nothing to do with respect for the Copenhagen political and economic criteria?