of family relationships that exist in today’s society. Amendment 58 Article 15, paragraph 3 3. In the event of widowhood, divorce, separation, or death of relatives in the ascending or descending line, an independent residence permit may be issued to persons who have entered by virtue of family reunification. Member States shall lay down provisions ensuring the granting of an independent residence permit in the event of particularly difficult circumstances. 3. In the event of widowhood, divorce, separation, or death of relatives in the ascending or descending line, an independent residence permit may be issued to persons who have entered by virtue of family reunification and have been resident for a minimum of one year . Member States shall lay down provisions ensuring the granting of an independent residence permit in the event of particularly difficult circumstances. Justification The aim of the minimum period of residence requirement is to avert potential abuses. Amendment 59 Article 16, title Article 16 Article 16 Refusal of entry and withdrawal or refusal to renew a residence permit Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 60 Article 16, paragraph 1, point (c) (c) where it is found that the applicant or the unmarried partner is married or is in a stable long-term relationship with another person. (Does not affect English version.) Justification (Does not affect English version.) Amendment 61 Article 16, paragraph 4 4. Member States may conduct specific checks and inspections where there is reason to suspect that there is fraud or a marriage, partnership or adoption of convenience as defined by paragraph 2. Specific checks may also be undertaken on the occasion of the renewal of family members' residence permit. 4. Member States may conduct checks and inspections where there is reason to suspect that there is fraud or a marriage, partnership or adoption of convenience as defined by paragraph 2. Such checks may also be undertaken on the occasion of the renewal of family members' residence permit. Justification The word ‘specific’ is infelicitous. If there are grounds for suspicion, checks should be carried out for that precise purpose. If there are no grounds for suspicion, no checks should be carried out in order to avoid harassing the persons concerned. Amendment 62 Article 17, title Article 17 Article 17 Appraisal of family relationships and length of residence Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 63