the event of its role having become superfluous. Justification It should be mentioned that regular evaluations may also result in the reconsideration of the Agency's tasks or existence, should this prove necessary. Amendment 79 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 7 b Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 22 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 22a Feasibility Study Within one year of the date of entry into force of this Regulation the Commission shall submit a feasibility study on a national coastguard coordination system, making clear the costs and the benefits, to the European Parliament and the Council. The report shall, if appropriate, be accompanied by a legislative proposal. Amendment 80 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 7 c Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 22 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 22b Progress Report Within [three] years of the date of entry into force of this Regulation the Commission shall submit a report to the European Parliament and the Council setting out how the Agency has undertaken the additional responsibilities assigned by this Regulation and the case for further extending its objectives or tasks. In particular, this report shall include: (a) an analysis of the gains in effectiveness that have been realised through greater integration of the Agency and the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control ; (b) information about the effectiveness and consistency of Member States’ enforcement of Directive 2005/35/EC 1 and detailed statistical information about the penalties that have been applied. The report shall, if appropriate, be accompanied by a legislative proposal. ____________ 1 OJ L 255, 30.9.2005, p. 11 Justification It is important to provide a review point to analyse how the revised Regulation is working and whether further adjustments would be appropriate. Amendment 81 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 8 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 23 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. The Commission shall be assisted by the Committee on Safe Seas and the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (COSS) set up under Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No 2099/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 1. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 23a concerning the operational working methods of the Agency for conducting the inspections referred to it in Article 3 paragraph 1. Justification Updating to take