2 shall not , however, create an obligation to separate the ownership of assets of the distribution network from the vertically integrated undertaking. Justification This amendment should be seen in conjunction with the amendment to paragraph 2 of this article (q.v. for justification). Amendment 9 Article 13, paragraph 2 c (c) the distribution system operator shall have effective decision-making rights, independent from the integrated natural gas undertaking, with respect to assets necessary to operate, maintain or develop the network. This should not preclude the existence of appropriate coordination mechanisms to ensure that the economic and management supervision rights of the parent company in respect of return on assets in a subsidiary are protected; (c) the distribution system operator shall have effective decision-making rights, independent from the integrated natural gas undertaking, with respect to assets necessary to operate, maintain or develop the network. Justification The independence of transmission system operators or inter-transmission system generators is an essential precondition for the success of the directive. The common position restricts this independence above all by its vague wording. Amendment 10 Article 15, introductory paragraph The rules in Articles 9(1) and Article 13(1) shall not prevent the operation of a combined transmission, LNG, storage and distribution system operator, which is independent in terms of its legal form, organisation and decision making from other activities not relating to transmission LNG, storage and distribution system operations and which meets the following requirements: The rules in Articles 9(1) and Article 13(1) shall not prevent the operation of a combined transmission, LNG, storage and distribution system operator, which is independent in terms of its legal form, organisation and decision making from other activities not relating to transmission LNG, storage and distribution system operations and which meets the requirements set out in subparagraphs (a) to (d). These shall, however, not create an obligation to separate the ownership of assets of the combined system from the vertically integrated undertaking. Or. de Justification This amendment should be seen in conjunction with the other amendments. Amendment 11 Article 15(c) (c) the combined system operator shall have effective decision-making rights, independent from the integrated natural gas undertaking, with respect to assets necessary to operate, maintain or develop the system. This should not preclude the existence of appropriate coordination mechanisms to ensure that the economic and management supervision rights of the parent company in respect of return on assets in a subsidiary are protected;