the Commission's Joint Research Centre has developed a flood prediction and modelling instrument for the Oder river basin, this instruments is now to be applied to and made operational for the Elbe and Danube basins as well. Crossborder and transnational cooperation on flood prevention and protection is also encouraged and financially supported by the Community funding instruments. In the case of the region on the German-Dutch border mentioned by the Honourable Member, the transnational initiative IRMA (Interreg Rhine Maas Activities) has just been successfully finalised. Planning and implementation involved, in transnational cooperation, countries, regions and local communities of Belgium, Germany, France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Switzerland. Community funding has been provided from the European Fund for Regional Development (ERDF), by the Community Initiative Interreg. For flood prevention and protection measures in the Rhine and Maas regions, more than EUR 140 million have been made available from the ERDF, contributing to a total investment of more than EUR 400 million. The findings and successes of this transnational cooperation have just been presented at a conference in Düsseldorf on 11 April 2003, with participation of German and Dutch Ministries, regions and water boards ( waterschappen ) and in a booklet published Hoogwater dreigt … samen sterk!/Impeding floods … united we stand! , with a foreword by Mr H. Kamp, Dutch Minister of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment. In the current programming period of the structural funds (2000-2006), the Interreg III community initiative will continue the work started with the IRMA programme, by means of the North-West Europe programme. This programme has reserved some EUR 92,3 million, of which EUR 46,2 million from the ERDF, for flood prevention and protection actions with the measure The prevention of flood damage http://www.nweurope.org . The European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund (EAGGF) provides under the Rural Development Regulation (EC) No 1257/1999 Council Regulation (EC) No 1257/1999 of 17 May 1999 on support for rural development from the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund (EAGGF) and amending and repealing certain Regulations, OJ L 160, 26.6.1999 . , article 33, the possibility to support measures for water-management which could include flood prevention measures. The introduction of appropriate instruments to prevent the agricultural and forestry production potential against natural disasters is eligible under this Regulation as well. Member States can include these measures in their Rural Development Plans. Cross-border co-operation between the competent authorities is possible to design