Lichtenberger , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Leopold Józef Rutowicz , on behalf of the UEN Group, Jaromír Kohlíček , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Michael Henry Nattrass , on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Czesław Adam Siekierski , Silvia-Adriana Ţicău , Nathalie Griesbeck , Wiesław Stefan Kuc , Reinhard Rack , Inés Ayala Sender , Marios Matsakis , Dieter-Lebrecht Koch and Luís Queiró . The following spoke: Antonio Tajani and Helmuth Markov . The debate closed. Vote: minutes of 19.06.2008, item 3.2 . 18 Future of the sheep/lamb and goat sector in Europe (debate) Report: on the future of the sheep/lamb and goat sector in Europe [ 2007/2192(INI) ] - Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development. Rapporteur: Liam Aylward ( A6-0196/2008 ) Liam Aylward introduced the report. The following spoke: Antonio Tajani (Member of the Commission) . The following spoke: James Nicholson , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Bernadette Bourzai , on behalf of the PSE Group, Alyn Smith , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Zbigniew Krzysztof Kuźmiuk , on behalf of the UEN Group, Ilda Figueiredo , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Jean-Claude Martinez , Non-attached Member, Neil Parish , Rosa Miguélez Ramos , Zdzisław Zbigniew Podkański , Mairead McGuinness , Giovanna Corda and Czesław Adam Siekierski . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Marios Matsakis and Wiesław Stefan Kuc . The following spoke: Antonio Tajani and Liam Aylward . The debate closed. Vote: minutes of 19.06.2008, item 5.6 . 19 Agenda of the next sitting The agenda of the next day's sitting had been established ('Agenda' PE 408.289/OJJE). 20 Closure of the sitting The sitting closed at 23.10. Harald R ømer Gérard Onesta Secretary-General Vice-President ATTENDANCE REGISTER The following signed: Adamou Agnoletto Aita Albertini Allister Alvaro Andersson Andrejevs Andrikienė Angelakas Angelilli Arif Arnaoutakis Ashworth Assis Atkins Attard-Montalto Attwooll Aubert Audy Auken Ayala Sender Aylward Ayuso Baco Badia i Cutchet Baeva Barsi-Pataky Batten Battilocchio Batzeli Bauer Beaupuy Beazley Becsey Beer Belet Belohorská Bennahmias Beňová Berend Berès Berlato Berlinguer Berman Bielan Birutis Blokland Bloom Bobošíková Böge Bösch Bono Bonsignore Borghezio Borrell Fontelles Boştinaru Botopoulos Boursier Bourzai Bowis Bowles Bozkurt Bradbourn Braghetto Brejc Brepoels Breyer Březina Brie Elmar Brok Budreikaitė van Buitenen Buitenweg Bullmann Bulzesc van den Burg Burke Bushill-Matthews Busk Buşoi Busquin Busuttil Camre Capoulas Santos Cappato Carlotti Carlshamre Carnero González Carollo Casa Casaca Casini Caspary Castex del Castillo Vera Catania Cavada Cederschiöld