allowed to be placed on the market without prejudice to other relevant Community provisions. 29) in order to ensure the protection of man and the environment from unforeseen risks of detergents, a safeguard clause is needed. (30) The tests specified for the biodegradability of surfactants should be carried out in laboratories meeting an internationally recognised standard, namely EN/ISO/IEC/17025 or the principles of good laboratory practice; it would not be justified to ask for the application of this latter requirement to existing surfactants to the extent that the available tests on them had been performed before the entering into force of the above standard and still provide a comparable level of scientific quality. (31) The issues relating to anaerobic biodegradation, the biodegradation of the main non-surfactant organic detergent ingredients, and phosphate content, which are not dealt with in this Regulation should be examined by the Commission and, where this is justified, a proposal should be presented to the European Parliament and the Council. Pending further harmonisation, the Member States may maintain or lay down national rules concerning the above issues. (32) The five Directives and the Commission Recommendation mentioned in recital (1) which are replaced by this Regulation should be repealed, HAVE ADOPTED THIS REGULATION: Article 1 Objectives and scope 1. This Regulation establishes rules designed to achieve the free movement of detergents and surfactants for detergents in the internal market while, at the same time, ensuring a high degree of protection of the environment and human health. 2. For this purpose, this Regulation harmonises the following rules for the placing on the market of detergents and of surfactants for detergents: – the biodegradability of surfactants in detergents; – restrictions or bans on surfactants on grounds of biodegradability; – the additional labelling of detergents, including fragrance allergens; and – the information that manufacturers must hold at the disposal of the Member States competent authorities and medical personnel. Article 2 Definitions For the purpose of this Regulation: 1) "Detergent" means any substance or preparation containing soaps and/or other surfactants intended for washing and cleaning processes. Detergents may be in any form (liquid, powder, paste, bar, cake, moulded piece, shape, etc.) and marketed for or used in household, or institutional or industrial purposes. Other products to be considered as detergents are: – "Auxiliary washing preparation", intended for soaking (pre-washing), rinsing or bleaching clothes, household linen, etc.; – Laundry fabric-softener", intended to modify the