" Foreign Minister ", the minimum number of MEPs per Member State, the inter-institutional balance with regard to the budget and how to revise the Treaties in the future. Budgetary Control Critical assessment of EU's Anti-Fraud Office Herbert BÖSCH (PES, A) Report on the Commission report on the evaluation of the activities of the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) ( COM(2003) 154 - (2002/2237(INI)) Doc.: A5-0393/2003 Procedure : Own-initiative report Debate : 03.12.2003 Herbert BÖSCH (PES, A), for the Budgetary Control Committee, will be tabling a draft own-initiative resolution drawn up in response to the Commission's progress report on the activities of the EU Anti-Fraud office OLAF. The committee is sharply critical of OLAF and calls for strong leadership, clear priorities and a clear investigation policy at the anti-fraud office as well as a greater role for OLAF's Supervisory Committee. MEPs criticise the inefficiency of OLAF's investigations, the inadequate protection of the rights of people affected by its enquiries and inconsistencies in OLAF's communication policy: it demands silence from the institutions being investigated but itself divulges information to the media. The committee also criticises the Commission for presenting its report on OLAF's activities more than a year late and for not addressing the serious problems identified. The committee demands that an audit be carried out at OLAF as of January 2004 to assess the effectiveness of its investigations. MEPs say that, in establishing its working programme for 2004, OLAF should give priority to investigations where national authorities have no particular interests or powers, such as investigations within the EU institutions and agencies. At least 140 posts should be made available for internal investigations. MEPs in the committee also criticise the fact that the post of co-ordinator of anti-fraud activities in the accession countries had not yet been filled. Other recommendations made by the committee are for more effective controls of directors-general in order to avoid misuse of power. In its final reports OLAF should include a recommendation for a thorough investigation of any inadequate administrative structures. The anti-fraud office should also carry out a detailed analysis of those sectors in which most investigations have been launched, namely the Structural Funds, trade, customs, aid, agriculture and direct expenditure. Member States should identify which national authorities should assist OLAF with on-site checks. Finally, MEPs call on the Commission to advertise the post of Director of OLAF in Spring 2004, as the present Director's