in local, regional and national debates. 3.3 Also in this context, calls for the Commission to ensure that the Committee and its members are fully involved in the initiatives which the "Plan D" will define once the European Parliament has examined it and once the Committee has delivered its opinion. This applies in particular to everything related to democracy (a round table on this subject could not fail to place the Committee at the heart of the debate;) the organisation of regional events by the Europe Direct centres and all the proposals for the promotion of citizens' participation in the democratic process. 3.4 Calls for the Commission to anticipate certain aspects of the Constitutional Treaty's provisions on the democratic life of the European Union, believing that these measures will not only reassure the European citizen but also further democratise and invigorate the debate. 3.5 Argues therefore that civil society could already now be consulted on the content of the European law defining the procedures for implementing the right of citizens' initiative. In this context, the EESC could be asked to deliver an exploratory opinion on this subject. It could also lend its support to civil society initiatives. 3.6 The provisions on participatory democracy should be made the subject of a series of communications from the European Commission, defining the envisaged consultation procedures and the role of the EESC. 3.7 Calls upon the European Commission to consider putting forward a legislative proposal for a true Communications Policy, and thereby to confront the "hidden" issue of the absent legal base which has resulted in so many informal mechanisms and an unbalanced approach. The tabling of such a proposal would, in the Committee's opinion, itself encourage debate. 3.8 The provision of adequate financial resources is necessary for the implementation of a communication strategy that meets citizens' expectations. 3.9 Once the requisite resources have been placed at their disposal, the media, local and regional authorities, political groups and civil society organisations will have the means to act as a conduit for information. They will be able to convey clear messages on the implications of the integration process that are attuned to the concerns of their local audience. 4. To all of the EU institutions 4.1 The European institutions should help to coordinate the communication activities of political groups, local and regional authorities and civil society organisations by encouraging the exchange of good practice in