payments in their national law Amendment 11 Article 7 Member States shall ensure that in cases where the perpetrator of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 is acting in the exercise of a professional activity and the victim is depending on this activity , the sentence can be aggravated . Member States shall ensure that in cases where the perpetrator of the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 is acting in an official or professional capacity and owes a duty of care to the victim or to minors , the sentence can be increased . Justification It is by no means clear what precisely is intended by the original text. The amendment proposed seeks to clarify the provision and extend it to cover persons having a duty of care towards minors. Amendment 12 Article 11 Each Member State shall ensure that investigations into or prosecution of offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 shall not be dependent on the report or accusation made by a victim of the offence, at least in cases where offences referred to in Article 4, paragraphs (a), (e) and (f) have been committed in its territory . Each Member State shall ensure that investigations into or prosecution of offences shall, at least in cases referred to in Article 4 , paragraphs (a), (e) and (f) in conjunction with Article 2, not be dependent on the report or accusation made by a victim of the offence. Justification Follows from amendments 5 and 6 and clarifies the actual legally binding effect of the Article. Amendment 13 Article 12, paragraph 1 1. Each Member State shall establish its jurisdiction with regard to the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 where the offence has been committed: (a) in whole or in part within its territory; or (b) by one of its nationals and the act affects individuals or groups of that State; or (c) for the benefit of a legal person that has its head office in the territory of that Member State. 1. Each Member State shall establish its jurisdiction for the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 . Justification The territorial and material scope of the act is established in Articles 2 and 2a and Articles 4 and 5, and does not need to be reiterated. In other respects, the amendments follow from amendments 5 and 6