content and recipients of the reports referred to in Article 12(1); and (c) to determine the form and content of the reports referred to in Article 12(1); and (d) to establish indicators to assist the monitoring of measures financed by LIFE+. (d) to establish indicators to assist the monitoring of measures financed by LIFE+. Justification Consistency with earlier amendments. Amendment 25 Annex I, point 1, introductory phrase 1. as regards the budget subject to central direct management: deleted Justification Consistency with earlier amendments. Amendment 26 Annex I, point 1 (a) (a) certain operational activities of NGOs that are primarily active in protecting and enhancing the environment at European level, (a) operational activities of non-governmental organisations that are primarily active in protecting and enhancing the environment at European level and involved in the development and implementation of EU policy and legislation , Justification EP amendment 36. Amendment 27 Annex I, point 1 (b) (b) developing and maintaining networks and computer systems directly linked to the implementation of Community environmental policy and legislation; (b) developing and maintaining networks , databases and computer systems directly linked to the implementation of Community environmental policy and legislation, in particular when improving public access to environmental information ; Justification EP amendments 12 and 42 to Article 2. Amendment 28 Annex I, point 2, introductory phrase 2. as regards the budget subject to either central direct or delegated management: deleted Justification Consistency with earlier amendments. Amendment 29 Annex I, point 2 (c) (c) capacity building assistance; (c) capacity building and improvement assistance; Justification It is necessary not only to create knowledge but to improve it where it already exists. Amendment 30 Annex I, point 2 (h) (h) national agencies' staff costs; deleted Justification Consistency with earlier amendments. Amendment 31 Annex II This annex is deleted Justification Consistency with earlier amendments. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT The work done by Parliament during the first reading of the proposal for a regulation on LIFE+ has resulted in a significant number of improvements. Parliament recognised unanimously that the LIFE+ financial instrument is not equal to meeting the environmental challenges faced. Its limited financial resources are insufficient for the purpose of implementing all of the environmental policies initiated by the European Union. The main issue addressed during Parliament's first reading was seeing to it that Natura 2000 has the necessary funding to ensure that this exemplary network for conserving, protecting and managing European biodiversity