that "the concentration on a limited number of strategic innovation themes and the bundling of existing excellence into critical masses may convert the current brain drain to a brain gain and promote global economic competitiveness". Kari Raivio of the League of European Research Universities (LERU) called the Commissions' analysis of the current situation "overly pessimistic" and too generalised. In fact, "the real difference between the two sides of the Atlantic", he said, "is the money". Where the USA spends over €300 billion a year on Research and development, European countries are lagging behind, led by Germany with €60 billion and France with €40 billion. Funding is still a "black box" The overall budget for the EIT is estimated at €2.367 billion Euros for the first six years from 2008 to 2013. As the EIT has not been provided for in the Financial Perspective for this period, the €308.7 million which it is proposed should be provided by the EU would have to be taken from the reserve. "The €308 million represent a minimum needed for the launch of a credible EIT", said Commissioner Figel. Jorgo Chatzimarkakis (ALDE, DE) argued that the proposed financial structure still remains a "black box." He called on the Commission to "have the courage" to use surplus money, returned from the Member States to the Community budget at the end of last year, for innovation. Nina Škottová (EPP-ED, CZ), the draftsperson of the Budget Committee, criticised the fact that €1.5 billion of the estimated overall amount was to come from other EU programmes such as the Seventh Framework Programme or regional and structural funds. She expressed "legal doubts" on this "duplicated financing" because the €1.25 billion taken from structural and regional funds used for an EU project would then not be available for any regional projects. Mr Hödl also feared that "the redirection of the existing EU-innovation instruments would at least partly destroy well established research and innovation activities and severely hamper the development of the European University system". In his view the private sector contribution should be increased considerably. "In terms of funding - we will need innovation there as well", remarked Mr Paasilinna. The KICs would have to be able to attract money themselves. "We have to show more trust and allow people to do their job", said Erna Hennicot-Schoepges (EPP-ED, LU), the co-rapporteur of the Culture Committee. Procedure: Co-decision - first reading --