to be made of the possibilities for pseudonymisation or rendering individuals anonymous . 2. Member States shall ensure the implementation of a donor identification system that can identify each donation and each of the organs associated with it. Member States shall ensure that the confidentiality of patient data is respected in accordance with national rules . Justification Too detailed since the reference to the data protection directive has been already established. Amendment 55 Proposal for a directive Article 10 – paragraph 3 – point b a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (ba) access to systems permitting the identification of a donor or recipient is as restricted as possible. Justification With fewer people having access to data the risks of unlawful access of such sensitive data is reduced. Amendment 56 Proposal for a directive Article 10 – paragraph 3 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3a. Member States shall, in accordance with Article 24, lay down rules on penalties applicable to: (a) any unauthorised accessing of data or systems that makes identification of donors or recipients possible ; (b) any use which is made of systems or data that makes the identification of donors or recipients possible with a view to tracing donors or recipients other than for necessary medical purposes. Justification Penalties are needed to deter people from attempting to use the systems for unauthorized searches. Amendment 57 Proposal for a directive Article 11 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall ensure that there is a reporting system in place to report, investigate, register and transmit relevant and necessary information concerning serious adverse events and reactions that may influence the quality and safety of human organs and which may be attributed to the procurement, testing, and transport of organs, as well as any serious adverse reaction observed during or after transplantation which may be connected to those activities. 1. Member States shall ensure that there is a reporting system in place to report, investigate, register and transmit relevant and necessary information concerning serious adverse events and reactions that may influence the quality and safety of human organs and which may be attributed to the testing, characterisation, procurement, preservation and transport of organs, as well as any serious adverse reaction observed during or after transplantation which may be connected to those activities. Justification Characterisation is also included under the scope -