statement of 27 August 2010, condemning the acts of mass rapes in the DRC, – having regard to the UN Secretary General’s report of 23 August 2010 on the recent mass rapes of civilians by members of armed groups in eastern DRC, – having regard to Rule 110(2) of its Rules of Procedure, A. whereas whereas at the end of July 2010 during 3 nights, militia members have attacked 13 isolated villages some 20 kilometres from Goma, the capital of North Kivu, B. whereas according to a calculation by the UN, more than 500 rapes were perpetrated during these 3 days of attack, C. whereas these mass rapes occurred only 10 miles from a UN peacekeeping base in North Kivu, D. whereas reports by Human Rights activists detail the FDLR’s (Democratic Front for the Liberation of Rwanda) and the Rwandan Hutu militia’s deliberate strategy launched early this year to increase sexual violence and the widespread burning of villages, homes, schools and churches, E. whereas rape seems to be used as a way of humiliating women in front of their families and communities and thus destroying the integrity, morale and cohesion of those communities, F. deeply concerned by the inadequacy of efforts to conduct thorough investigations into such crimes, the absence of protection measures for witnesses, victims and victims’ families, the lack of information regarding cases and the lack of appropriate medical care for victims, G. whereas through rapes, the militias intend above all to terrorise the populations in order to gain control of the Kivu areas, which is the main gateway to the principal mine of cassiterite, H. whereas the UN peacekeepers took two weeks to report these abuses and the Congolese government and its armed forces showed inertia in preventing such exactions, I. whereas Rwanda has a key role to play in finding a solution to the border conflicts, J. noting that former Congolese leader Jean-Pierre Bemba Gombo is facing trial at the ICC for war crimes, including rape, 1. Strongly condemns the use of rape as a weapon of war and recalls that the International Criminal Court has jurisdiction over such acts, as does the Democratic Republic of Congo; 2. Urges in particular that the perpetrators of sexual violence against women be reported, identified, prosecuted and punished, in accordance with national and international criminal law: 3. Demands that the DRC Government, in collaboration with the international community, continues