allocations between Member States and indicate those parts of the budget subject to central direct management and those subject to delegated management in accordance with Article 7(2). At least 80% of the budget shall be subject to delegated management. 1. The Commission shall draw up a first multi‑annual strategic programme for 2007 to 2010, and , after a review taking account of the objectives set, a second multi‑annual strategic programme for 2011 to 2013. These programmes shall define the principal objectives, priority areas of action, type of measures and expected results for Community funding in relation to the objectives and criteria set out in Articles 1, 3 and 4. Justification Horizontal amendment: the LIFE programmes have proved their worth as an effective means of management in line with the programmes' objectives. It follows that the current management approach should continue, given that both administrations and officials are already familiarised with it. Amendment 10 Article 6, paragraph 2 2. Member States' allocations for the part of the budget subject to delegated management shall be without prejudice to the annual budgetary procedure provided for in Article 11(3). The Commission shall base these allocations on the following criteria: (a) population: (i) the total population of each Member State . A weighting of 50% shall be applied to this criterion; and (ii) the population density of each Member State, up to a limit of twice the EU's average population density. A weighting of 5% shall be applied to this criterion; (b) nature and biodiversity: (i) the total area of sites of Community importance for each Member State , expressed as a proportion of the total area of sites of Community importance. A weighting of 25% shall be applied to this criterion; and (ii) the proportion of a Member State's territory covered by sites of Community importance in relation to the proportion of Community territory covered by sites of Community importance. A weighting of 20% shall be applied to this criterion. As soon as relevant data are available for all Member States, the Commission shall make the calculations for nature and biodiversity on the basis of both sites of Community importance and special protection areas, while avoiding double counting. In addition, the Commission may make additional allocations to land-locked Member States. The total amount of such allocations shall not exceed 3% of the total delegated budget. However, the Commission shall ensure that no Member State