Answer given by Mrs Fischer Boel on behalf of the Commission (26 May 2009) The campaign is a promotion programme for tulips elaborated by a Dutch producers association for a 3 year period of time with a budget of EUR 1,33 million. Half of this budget is financed by the proposing producers association and the other half is funded by the European Union. The campaign, which started in 2008, is aimed at three countries, namely Sweden, Denmark and Finland. The legal framework for the information and promotion campaign referred to in this question is provided for by Council Regulation (EC) No 3/2008 Council Regulation (EC) No 3/2008 of 17 December 2007 on information provision and promotion measures for agricultural products on the internal market and in third countries. OJ L 3, 5.1.2008. on information provision and promotion measures for agricultural measures on the internal markets and in third countries and its accompanying implementing measure adopted by the Commission, i.e. (EC) Regulation No 501/2008 Commission Regulation (EC) No 501/2008 of 5 June 2008 laying down detailed rules for the application of Council Regulation (EC) No 3/2008 on information provision and promotion measures for agricultural products on the internal market and in third countries. OJ L 147, 6.6.2008. . A list of products eligible to this regime of co-financed information and promotion programmes can be found in Annex I of this Commission Regulation. This policy usefully supplements and reinforces the schemes run by Member States by improving product image in the eyes of consumers in the Community and in third countries. Programmes are initiated at the level of the producers and trade associations, in this case, producers of tulips in general and not only fair-trade and/or organic tulips. If proposals would be submitted by those two more specific sectors, they would be examined according to the same regulatory framework and administrative procedure, i.e. an evaluation process at both national and Community levels, where their opportunity and cost efficiency is assessed according to the guidelines provided by the abovementioned regulations. Regarding programmes targeting Member States inside of the European Union, detailed guidelines are provided in Annex of (EU) Regulation 501/2008 address various relevant issues such as the objectives, target groups, content of the messages, main instruments, and length of the programmes. The budget allocated to this scheme for 2009 amounts EUR 56 million. The number of starting and running programmes at 15 April