contrary to its policy of reductions in all other areas in heading 4. The EP delegation also flagged a question mark over the suggested increases for EU Special Representatives as well as for some other specific lines. It also stressed the need for improvement in the flow of information and political discussion as regards CFSP actions and, in particular, the level of representation of the Council. The Council stressed its will to continue to work with the Parliament and took note of EP's concerns. In its DB, the Council accepted the Commission's PDB proposal for CFSP at 62.6 million, which is also the figure for 2005 budget. 9. Fisheries , the EP delegation questioned the Council's reduction to International Fisheries Agreements (-7.8 m) and asked for clarifications. The Commission stood by the PDB figures but stated that more up-to-date information on the status of expected new or modified agreements would be included in the autumn amending letter. Other points Budget 2006 10. Concerning Structural Funds, the Council accepted the PDB as regards commitment appropriations. In payments, it made an across-the-board reduction of EUR 150 million compared to the PDB under the budget Headings concerning Structural Funds (EUR 72 million) and Community initiatives (EUR 78 million) 11. The rapporteur rejects the Council's attitude, especially given the positive indications previously given by Commission services that, indeed, implementation so far this year would suggest a capacity to implement at least the levels of the PDB, if not higher. He urges the Commission to make available an analysis based on Member States applications in July, as agreed in the Joint Declaration in the 2005 budget. The rapporteur reiterates the EP's view that the structural actions must not be deliberately under-budgeted to suit the Council's short-term priorities at the expense of sound management and sound budgeting. 12. As concerns the internal policies, heading 3 , the Council reiterated its belief that the priorities could be met even if reductions were made. The EP delegation pointed out the inconsistency between the Presidencie's statements in favour of growth, employment and actions for young people, on the one hand, and the its readiness to reduce budget lines which are central to these objectives. 13. It was very disappointing to see the Council DB reduce 43,4 million in commitments and a massive 516 million in payments. The EP delegation stressed that, when even the Commission's PDB failed to give