consumer interests, including in the settlement of disputes, and should be encouraged to co-operate with competent authorities to enhance the application of this Regulation. (16) The measures necessary for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission OJ L 184, 17.7.1999, p. 23. . (17) The effective monitoring of the application of this Regulation and the effectiveness of consumer protection requires regular reports from the Member States. (18) This Regulation respects the fundamental rights and observes the principles recognised in particular by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. Accordingly this Regulation should be interpreted and applied with respect to those rights and principles, HAVE ADOPTED THIS REGULATION: Chapter I Objective, definitions, scope and competent authorities Article 1 Objective This Regulation lays down the conditions under which the competent authorities in the Member States designated as responsible for the enforcement of the laws that protect consumers" interests are to cooperate with each other and with the Commission in order to ensure compliance with those laws and the smooth functioning of the internal market and in order to enhance the protection of consumers" economic interests. Article 2 Scope 1. The provisions on mutual assistance set out in Chapters II and III shall cover intra-Community infringements. 2. This Regulation shall be without prejudice to the Community rules on private international law, in particular rules related to court jurisdiction and applicable law. 3. This Regulation shall be without prejudice to the application in the Member States of measures relating to judicial cooperation in criminal and civil matters, in particular the operation of the European Judicial Network . 4. The provisions of this Regulation shall be without prejudice to the fulfilment by the Member States of any additional obligations in relation to mutual assistance on the protection of the collective economic interests of consumers, including in criminal matters, ensuing from other legal acts, including bilateral or multilateral agreements. 5. This Regulation shall be without prejudice to the application of Directive 98/27/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 May 1998 on injunctions for the protection of consumers' interests OJ L 166, 11.6.1998, p. 51. Directive as last amended by Directive 2002/65/EC (OJ L 271, 9.10.2002, p. 16). . 6. This Regulation shall be without prejudice