never be made publicly available in a direct form. Moreover, the platform should modify neither the content of the data on companies stored in domestic registers nor the information about companies transmitted through the system of central, commercial and companies registers. (11) Since the objective of this Directive is not to harmonise national systems of central, commercial and companies registers, there is no obligation on the Member States to change their internal systems of registers, in particular as regards the management and storage of data, fees, and the use and disclosure of information for national purposes. ▌ (12) Within the framework of this Directive, the portal will deal, through the use of the platform, with queries put forward by individual users concerning the information on companies and their branches opened in other Member States which is stored in the domestic registers. That will enable the presentation of the search results on the portal, including the explanatory labels in all the official languages of the Union, listing the information provided. In addition, in order to improve the protection of third parties in other Member States, basic information on the legal value of particulars and documents disclosed pursuant to the laws of Member States adopted in accordance with the provisions of Directive 2009/101/EC should be available on the portal. (13) Member States may establish one or more optional access points, which may have impact on the use and operation of the platform. Therefore, the Commission should be notified of their establishment and of other significant changes to their operation, in particular of their closure. Such notification should not in any way restrict the powers of Member States as to the establishment and operation of the optional access points. (14) Companies and their branches opened in other Member States should have a unique identifier that allows their unequivocal identification in the European Union. The identifier is intended to be used for communication between registers through the system of interconnection of registers. Therefore, companies and branches are not obliged to include the unique identifier in the company letters or order forms mentioned in Directives 89/666/EEC and 2009/101/EC. They should continue to use their domestic registration number for their own communication purposes. (15) It should be made possible to establish a clear connection between the register of a company and the registers of its branches opened in other Member States, consisting in the exchange of