founding partner and president of Teneo, a global consulting firm.", " Previously he was personal assistant and counselor to President Bill Clinton and he assisted in creating the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI).", " Band later worked for the William J. Clinton Foundation." ] ], [ "Ira Magaziner", [ "Ira Magaziner (born November 8, 1947) was born in New York City, New York, US.", " After being a student activist and business consultant, Magaziner became the senior advisor for policy development for President Clinton, especially as chief healthcare policy advisor.", " He now serves in a leadership capacity for two of the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation's international development initiatives, which are at the forefront of non-governmental organizations in addressing Global Health and Environmental issues." ] ], [ "Johnson Amendment", [ "The Johnson Amendment is a provision in the U.S. tax code, since 1954, that prohibits all 501(c)(3) non-profit organizations from endorsing or opposing political candidates.", " Section 501(c)(3) organizations are the most common type of nonprofit organization in the United States, ranging from charitable foundations to universities and churches.", " The amendment is named for then-Senator Lyndon B. Johnson of Texas, who introduced it in a preliminary draft of the law in July 1954." ] ], [ "Clinton Foundation", [ "The Clinton Foundation (founded in 1997 as the William J. Clinton Foundation), and from 2013 to 2015, briefly renamed the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation) is a non-profit organization under section 501(c)(3) of the U.S. tax code.", " It was established by former President of the United States Bill Clinton with the stated mission to \"strengthen the capacity of people in the United States and throughout the world to meet the challenges of global interdependence.\"", " Its offices are located in New York City and Little Rock, Arkansas." ] ], [ "Clinton Presidential Center", [ "The William J. Clinton Presidential Center and Park is the presidential library of Bill Clinton, the 42nd President of the United States (1993–2001).", " It is located in Little Rock, Arkansas and includes the Clinton Presidential Library, the offices of the Clinton Foundation, and the University of Arkansas Clinton School of Public Service.", " It is the thirteenth presidential library to have been completed in the United States, the eleventh to be operated by the National Archives and Records Administration, and the third to comply with the Presidential Records Act of 1978." ]