dialogue, which lays down basic principles for the conduct of public consultations by the Commission. The communication stresses that all target groups should be involved in consultations, that they should be given all the information they require in order to be able to express their views on the documents or projects on which they are being consulted and that they should always be given confirmation that their views have been received by the consulting body. These principles primarily concern qualitative aspects of the consultation and dialogue process, but no mention is made of the framework and procedures for dialogue. The rapporteur would therefore like the Commission to have another look at the principles and to tailor them to current requirements, with a view to them becoming common principles for all the institutions. National, regional and local authorities unquestionably have the most important role to play in supporting and fostering civil dialogue, in particular in involving the public in that dialogue. The public should be consulted at these three levels, and their views – particularly on European issues – should be forwarded to the EU institutions. Accordingly, the rapporteur proposes that national, regional and local authorities be required to publicise civil dialogue and to have recourse to it wherever possible. By becoming parties to such dialogue, EU citizens will become accustomed to the practice of participative democracy and will have a genuine opportunity to exercise their rights. With a view to the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty, particular attention should be drawn to the citizens' initiative (one million signatures) provisions, under which a proposal for legislation may be submitted to the Commission. These provisions will enable anyone involved in the democratic life of the EU (individual citizens and non-governmental organisations) clearly and formally to tell the Union what they expect of it. With a view to ensuring more effective civil dialogue , the rapporteur would also draw attention to the following: 1. Openness on the part of the Council: enhanced, streamlined access to Council documents is of key importance to effective dialogue with civil society. Furthermore, information on the work of the various working parties should be made more readily available to the European Parliament and civil society. 2. Closer and better interinstitutional cooperation on consultations with civil society. In particular, a common platform for cooperation between Parliament and the Commission, with the involvement of the European Economic and