set to grow to more than € 120 billion by 2015. However, the industry is still in an early stage, with considerable challenges in the field of research commercialization, infrastructure and human resources. 30.5.2006 OPINION of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety for the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy on Nanosciences and nanotechnologies: An action plan for Europe 2005-2009 ( 2006/2004(INI) ) Draftsman: Philippe Busquin SUGGESTIONS The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety calls on the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: 1. Emphasises the advances which the development of nanosciences and nanotechnologies (N&N) has the potential to help bring about in a significant number of policy areas directly affecting citizens (public health, energy, transport, sustainable development, etc); 2. Supports the Commission's readiness to very substantially increase the resources devoted to research in the field of N&N, which is of fundamental importance to Europe's future development; 3. Emphasises the importance of creating the conditions for a genuine dialogue between all of the stakeholders associated with N&N and between the latter and the public in general; 4. Stresses the need for ambitious and balanced information campaigns aimed at improving the public's level of knowledge, in order to enable the challenges and implications associated with N&N to be better understood; 5. Supports the setting up of ethical committees which, by providing independent scientific advice, will help ensure that the public is properly informed and help create a climate of trust based on awareness of the possible risks and the benefits associated with the use of discoveries in the field of nanotechnologies; 6. Stresses that corporate social responsibility must be shown by businesses, which must help disseminate objective information about scientific discoveries in the N&N field, their intended uses, and their risks and benefits for society; 7. Emphasises that all applications and uses of N&N must comply with the high level of protection for human health, consumers, workers and the environment laid down by the European Union and insists on the need for the codification of nanomaterials, which will lead to the drawing up of standards, which will in turn boost efforts to identify any risks; calls on the Commission to take the necessary initiatives to this effect; 8. Emphasises that understanding of the potential damage to health and the