be subject to the quota referred to in Article 1(2). ; (e) Implementation Reports on the transposition of EU legislation into national law and the implementation and enforcement thereof in Member States. Quota 2. Each parliamentary committee may simultaneously draft up to six own-initiative reports. For committees with sub-committees, this quota shall be increased by one report per sub-committee. This additional report shall be drawn up by the sub-committee. The following shall not be subject to that ceiling: - legislative own-initiative reports; - implementation reports; each committee may draw up one such report a year. Minimum period before adoption 3. The parliamentary committee seeking authorisation may not adopt the report in question within the three months following the date of authorisation or, in the case of notification, within the three months following the date of the meeting of the Conference of Committee Chairs at which the report was notified. Article 2 Conditions for authorisation 1. The proposed report must not deal with topics principally involving analysis and research activities which may be covered in other ways, for example by studies. 2. The proposed report must not deal with topics which have already been the subject of a report adopted in plenary during the previous 12 months, save where new information justifies it on an exceptional basis. 3. With regard to reports to be drawn up on the basis of a document forwarded to Parliament for information, the following conditions shall apply: - the basic document must be an official document from an institution or body of the European Union and (a) have been forwarded officially to Parliament for consultation or information, or (b) have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union for the purpose of consultations with interested parties, or (c) be a document from an institution or body of the European Union which has been officially submitted to the European Council or a document produced by the latter; - the document must be forwarded in all the official languages of the European Union; - the request for authorisation must be submitted no later than four months after the date on which the document in question was forwarded to Parliament or on which it was published in the Official Journal. 4. Reports not referring to a basic document from a Community institution must not deal with topics to which specific reference has already been made in the