remain beyond the reach of the law. Amendment 13 Article 5, paragraph 2 2. Any additional coercive measures rendered necessary by the freezing order shall be taken in accordance with the applicable procedural rules of the executing state. 2. Any additional coercive measures rendered necessary by the freezing order shall be proportionate and taken in accordance with the applicable procedural rules of the executing state. Justification Self-explanatory. Amendment 14 Article 11, paragraph 2a (new) 2a. In the executing State, an action may relate solely to the grounds for non-recognition or non-execution laid down in Article 7, the grounds for postponement of execution laid down in Article 8 and the conditions of execution referred to in Article 6(2). Justification The legislative proposal stipulates clearly and logically that actions in respect of the substance of a freezing order shall always be brought before the issuing State, although it does not specify the cases in which an action before the executing State is acceptable. Such cases must be identified. Amendment 15 Article 14, paragraph 1 Implementation Implementation 1. Member States shall take the necessary measures to comply with the provisions of this Framework Decision by [...] . 1. Member States shall take the necessary measures to comply with the provisions of this Framework Decision by 31 December 2002 . Justification Of major importance is the political view expressed in conclusions 33, 36 and 37 of the Tampere European Council held on 15 and 16 October 1999, to the effect that the principle of the mutual recognition of judicial decisions should become the cornerstone of judicial cooperation in both civil and criminal matters within the EU and should be applied as quickly as possible and as a matter of priority to pre-trial orders, ‘in particular to those which would enable competent authorities quickly to secure evidence and to seize assets which are easily movable’. Amendment 16 Article 14, paragraph 2 2. By the same date Member States shall transmit to the General Secretariat of the Council and to the Commission the text of the provisions transposing into their national law the obligations imposed on them under this Framework Decision. On the basis of a report established on the basis of this information and a written report by the Commission, the Council shall, by [...] , assess the extent to which Member States have taken the necessary measures in order to comply with this Framework