measures across the whole policy spectrum. The Parliament's support for the successor programme proposed by the Commission was recently demonstrated by its decision to press for an increase of EUR 670 million (2004 prices) above the figure proposed by the Commission. 16. Erasmus student mobility grants have been in existence for more than a decade and more than one million students have benefited from these. But during this period the average level of the grant has not risen above its 1993 level of EUR 150 per month: indeed, the most recent figures suggest that it has now fallen to EUR 124. This represents a cut of about 40%. in the real value of a grant which, in any case, does not cover the additional costs borne by students who choose to study abroad; and there is some evidence that an inadequate mobility grant is hampering the participation of students from poorer backgrounds. Even if the Financial Perspective which is eventually agreed results in a smaller budget than that foreseen in the Commission proposal, it is almost certain that this will be at least double the current level of expenditure. 2006 thus constitutes something of a transitional year. Bearing in mind the precedent set by the revision of the earlier generation of the Socrates and Youth programmes during their final year (1999), the draftsman will press for a revision of the basic act so as to permit substantially higher expenditure on Erasmus mobility grants in 2006. 17. Cultural organisations advancing the idea of Europe : There is widespread agreement within the Parliament about the importance of the work of European cultural organisations as 'cultural ambassadors' for the EU. Support for such organisations is foreseen in the Commission proposal for the next generation of the Culture programme (Culture 2007). At present, these organisations are supported by grants under an action programme adopted in 2004 and covering the period 2004-2006. The multi-annual budget agreed is, however, inadequate: in 2005, the appropriations available for grants to cultural organisations were only 81% of those available in budget 2004; and, in PDB 2006, this figure falls further to 65%. These cuts in support were not intended by the legislator and arise in part because of the inflexibility of the action programme as a whole. An additional cut in 2006 is particularly unfortunate since this will be the first year in which new organisations, not included in