States to envisage, at this stage, new structures to ensure that Community customs legislation is applied in a uniform manner; calls on the Commission and the Member States to seriously consider the possibility of establishing a unified European Union customs service to enable customs rules and procedures to be implemented more effectively throughout the European Union's customs territory; o o o 35. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council and Commission, the governments and parliaments of the Member States, the World Customs Organisation, the World Trade Organisation and to member countries and candidate countries. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT The customs union celebrates its 40th anniversary in 2008. It was one of the first stages of European integration which, over time, has led to the abolition of all import and export customs duties between EU Member States and to the adoption by those countries of a common external tariff in their relations with third countries. It is a vital aspect of the proper functioning of the internal market and the correct application of the Union’s trade agreements. Customs policy falls within the competence of the Community but is implemented by the Member States: the national customs authorities are responsible for enforcing EU law on a daily basis; that is one of the key problems as far as the operational efficiency of import and export procedures for goods is concerned. There have been many recent legislative developments and many are still under way: the Modernised Community Customs Code, the decision on a paperless environment for customs and trade, the action programme for customs in the Community (Customs 2013), the draft Commission regulation on the GSP rules of origin, etc. Lastly, the Treaty of Lisbon, currently being ratified by the Member States, stipulates in Article 1(4) that one of the Union’s priorities will be the protection of its citizens in its relations with the wider world. Internationally, there is no lack of uncertainty and the World Trade Organisation (WTO) negotiations are experiencing a damaging slowdown, especially with regard to trade facilitation. Moreover, the European Community has been through a tough dispute before the WTO Dispute Settlement Body concerning the organisation of its customs, certain features of which do not comply with WTO rules; this is due in particular to the intervention of numerous national administrations. Even within the World Customs Organisation (WCO), of which the European Community has only been a member