States will have 24 months from the entry into force of the directive to adopt and publish the necessary national rules. After that they may continue to apply previously existing national rules for six years where those rules are more restrictive than those of the directive or derive from the implementation of other directives introducing minimum levels of harmonisation. In order to avoid going to conciliation, the MEPs reached compromises on some of their initial proposals and withdrew others. The Council, which had already agreed to a majority of Parliament's 58 first reading amendments, made it clear that it would not accept some of the MEPs' resubmitted proposals. In particular, with regard to the 'common market' clause, the Council refused to reintroduce (as in the Commission's initial proposal and as favoured by certain MEPs) the 'country of origin' principle (under which the law of the Member State where the trader is established is applicable). This point serves to link this directive on unfair commercial practices to the services directive (now being debated by Parliament) and the text regulating sales promotions (currently blocked in Council over the issue of the 'country of origin' principle). Although a report that has been unanimously adopted does not have to be debated in plenary, the MEPs nonetheless wish to hold a debate on the issue, in view of the importance of the proposals for the internal market and for consumers. They also believe the vote on the report should be brought forward from the March to the February part-session. A formal request will be made to that effect. 02.02.2005 Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection In the chair: Phillip WHITEHEAD (PES, UK) Procedure: Codecision, second reading Vote in plenary: February or March Press enquiries: Cezary Lewanowicz - tel. (32-2) 28 44659 e-mail: imco-press@europarl.eu.int Organic food products: MEPs' appetites still unsatisfied Organic food production and organic farming need more encouragement. This Thursday, Parliament's Agriculture Committee adopted, unopposed with one abstention, the report by Marie-Hélène AUBERT (Greens/EFA, FR) on the European action plan in this field. In the EU-15, the total surface area given over to organic farming rose from 0.1% to 3.3% between 1985 and 2002. In total, organic food production accounts for an estimated turnover of €11bn in the EU and €23bn worldwide. Since 1992, the EU has supported organic farming in the context of agri-environmental policy. MEPs welcome the Commission's recognition, in its