agency workers so as to allow this form of work to be used without compromising the interests of such workers or the user firm’s main workforce. 21.10.2002 Committee on Employment and Social Affairs In the chair: Theodorus BOUWMAN (Greens/EFA, NL) Press enquiries: Constanze Beckerhoff - tel. (32-2) 28 44302 e-mail: empl-press@europarl.eu.int Green light for Geoffrey Podger to be head of European Food Safety Authority The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy has approved the nomination of Geoffrey Podger as Executive Director of the Management Board of the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA). Mr Podger appeared before the committee at a public hearing on Tuesday 22 October, where he made a statement and replied to questions from MEPs. At the end of the hearing, Committee Chairwoman Caroline JACKSON (EPP-ED, UK) and representatives of the different political groups on the committee concluded that Mr Podger should be appointed to the post but they stressed he would now be judged by his performance in the job. A letter has now been sent to the President of Parliament, Pat Cox, who will consult the Conference of Presidents and then transmit Parliament's recommendation to the Chairman of the EFSA Management Board. It is then up to the Board, after taking into account the European Parliament's views, to make the final appointment. 22.10.2002 Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection In the chair: Caroline JACKSON (EPP-ED, UK) Press enquiries: Ton Huyssoon - tel. (32-2) 28 42408 e-mail: envi-press@europarl.eu.int Candidates for position of European Ombudsman The Committee on Petitions has drawn up a shortlist of seven candidates for the post of European Ombudsman to replace the incumbent, Jacob Söderman, who is standing down as of 1 April 2003. The new Ombudsman will hold office for the remainder of the European Parliament's current term of office and is eligible for reappointment. The candidates are: - Georgios ANASTASSOPOULOS - Nikiforos DIAMANDOUROS - Giuseppe FORTUNATO - Xabier MARKIEGL - Pierre-Yves MONETTE - Roy PERRY - Herman WUYTS All the candidates will be invited to make a statement and reply to questions at a meeting of the Committee on Petitions open to all MEPs on 25 and 26 November. The full Parliament will then vote to choose the new Ombudsman at its Strasbourg plenary session in December. For further information please consult the website: http://www.europarl.eu.int/comparl/candidates/default_en.htm 21.10.2002 Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities In the chair: