of Regulation (ES) No 861/2006. Co-financing from the Community budget shall be at the rate of 80%. Amendment 25 Proposal for a regulation Article 15 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Paragraph 1 shall apply to Community fishing vessels exceeding 15 meters length and up to 24 meters length overall as from 1 July 2011, and to Community fishing vessels exceeding 10 meters length and up to 15 meters length overall as from 1 January 2012 . Community vessels up to 15 meters length overall may be exempted from paragraph 1 if they: 2. Paragraph 1 shall apply to Community fishing vessels exceeding 15 meters length and up to 24 meters length overall as from 1 July 2011, and to Community fishing vessels exceeding 10 meters length and up to 15 meters length overall as from 1 July 2013 . Community vessels up to 15 meters length overall may be exempted from paragraph 1 if they: a) operate exclusively within the territorial seas of the flag Member State, or a) operate exclusively within the territorial seas of the flag Member State, and b) never spend more than 24 hours at sea taken from the time of departure to the return to port. b) never spend more than 24 hours at sea taken from the time of departure to the return to port. Amendment 26 Proposal for a regulation Article 17 – paragraph 1 – introductory wording Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Without prejudice to specific provisions contained in multiannual plans, masters of Community fishing vessels or their representatives shall notify the competent authorities of the Member State whose port or landing facilities they wish to use at least 4 hours before the estimated time of arrival at the port, unless the competent authorities have given permission for an earlier entry, of the following information: 1. Without prejudice to specific provisions contained in multiannual plans, masters of Community fishing vessels or their representatives having species on board which are subject to catch or effort limits shall notify the competent authorities of the Member State whose port or landing facilities they wish to use at least 4 hours before the estimated time of arrival at the port, unless the competent authorities have given permission for an earlier entry, of the following information: Amendment 27 Proposal for a regulation Article 17 – paragraph 1 – point d