held within 14 days from the date of the communication by the Council of its rejection of the joint text. The amendments shall be deemed to be confirmed if they are approved by a majority of the component Members of Parliament and three fifths of the votes cast. Rule 75e Definitive adoption of the budget Where the President is satisfied that the budget has been adopted in accordance with the provisions of Article 314 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, he shall declare in Parliament that the budget has been definitively adopted. He shall arrange for its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . Rule 75f Provisional twelfths system 1. Any decision by the Council authorising expenditure in excess of the provisional one twelfth for expenditure shall be referred to the committee responsible. 2. The committee responsible may table a draft decision to reduce the expenditure referred to in paragraph 1. Parliament shall decide on it within 30 days after the adoption of the Council's decision. 3. Parliament shall act by a majority of its component Members. Rule 76 Discharge to the Commission in respect of implementation of the budget The provisions concerning the procedures for implementing the decision on the granting of discharge to the Commission in respect of the implementation of the budget in accordance with the financial provisions of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and the Financial Regulation are attached to these Rules as an annex See Annex VI. . This annex shall be adopted in accordance with Rule 212(2). Rule 77 Other discharge procedures The provisions governing the procedure for granting discharge to the Commission in respect of the implementation of the budget shall likewise apply to the procedure for granting discharge to: - the President of the European Parliament in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Parliament; - the persons responsible for the implementation of the budgets of other institutions and bodies of the European Union such as the Council (as regards its activity as executive), the Court of Justice of the European Union, the Court of Auditors, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions; - the Commission in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Development Fund; - the bodies responsible for the budgetary management of legally independent entities which carry