Answer given by Mr Figel' on behalf of the Commission (10 October 2007) The problem raised by the Honourable Member is a very serious one. A society accessible and open to all is the goal of the European Union disability strategy. Therefore, promoting the active inclusion and full participation of all people with disabilities in society is a key element of EU policies which impact on the situation of people with disabilities. In this respect, preventing and eliminating barriers — not only physical but also attitudinal ones which impede disabled people from exercising their rights and abilities, is at the core of the EU Disability Action Plan run by the Commission COM(2005)604 final. . The Commission is currently preparing a Communication setting the new priorities of the action plan for the years 2008‑09. These are likely to focus on overall accessibility issues while supporting the implementation of the United Nations (UN) Convention on Rights of People with Disabilities. Council Regulation (EC) No 1083/2006 OJ L 210, 31.7.2006. of 11 July 2006 laying down general provisions for the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund and the Cohesion Fund, require Member States to take steps to prevent discrimination on the basis of the grounds of gender, race, ethnic origin, religion or belief, disability, age and sexual orientation. It stipulates that accessibility for disabled persons shall be one of the criteria to be observed in defining operations co-financed by the funds and to be taken into account during the various stages of implementation. The Community strategic guidelines further define the prevention of discrimination on the basis of gender, race or ethnic origin, religion or belief, disability, age or sexual orientation as basic principles of cohesion policy and require that these broad equality grounds be incorporated into all levels of the strategic approach to cohesion. Moreover, the Managing Authorities of the Border, Midland and Western Regional Operational Programme (2007‑13) and the Southern and Eastern Regional Operational Programme (2007‑13) have undertaken the appropriate steps to prevent discrimination on the basis of disability. On the specific education issue, according to Article 149 of the EC Treaty, the responsibility for the organisation and content of education belongs to Member States. It is therefore up to Member States to put measures in place to improve the educational prospects of young people with disabilities. The mandate of the Commission in the field of education is to promote