{ "context": [ [ "Edward C. Taylor", [ "Edward Curtis Taylor, Jr. (born August 3, 1923)) is an American chemist who designed and synthesized the chemotherapy drug pemetrexed (brand name Alimta), an inhibitor of purine biosynthesis, with grant support from the U.S. National Cancer Institute, NIH.", " Taylor studied for his PhD from 1946 to 1949 at Cornell University with Professor Cornelius Cain.", " As of 2009, royalties for this drug from Eli Lilly & Co. paid to Princeton University were sufficient to completely finance a state-of-the-art 263000 sqft chemistry laboratory building." ] ], [ "Clifford Taylor (composer)", [ "Clifford O. Taylor (20 October 1923 Avalon, PA-19 September 1987 Abington, PA) was an American composer and music educator.", " He studied with Walter Piston and Paul Hindemith and served as chairman of the department of music composition at Temple University for 23 years.", " Among his compositions are three symphonies, \"The Freak Show\" (a 1975" ] ], [ "Stephen Jaffe", [ "Stephen Jaffe (born December 30, 1954 in Washington, D.C.) is an American composer of contemporary classical music.", " He lives in Durham, North Carolina, United States, and serves on the music faculty of Duke University, where he holds the post of Mary and James H. Semans Professor of Music Composition; his colleagues there include composers Scott Lindroth and Anthony Kelley.", " Jaffe graduated summa cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania in 1977; he received a master's degree the following year from the same institution.", " During his time in Pennsylvania, he studied with George Crumb, George Rochberg, and Richard Wernick." ] ], [ "Frank Macchia", [ "Frank Macchia (born October 12, 1958) is an American composer, arranger, saxophonist, and multi-reed player in Los Angeles.", " Originally from San Francisco he began playing clarinet at age 10 and later studied bassoon, saxophone and flute.", " At 14 he began studying musical composition and writing jazz and classical music pieces.", " He is noted for his large catalog of eclectic and virtuosic original compositions spanning jazz, classical, Cajun, Americana, experimental, New Age, Spoken Word, and jazz-fusion styles as well as his extensive work as a composer and orchestrator for live television and television and film soundtracks. Macchia has been noted for his jazz and orchestral arrangements of traditional American folk songs." ] ], [ "Walter Piston", [ "Walter Hamor Piston Jr, (January 20, 1894 – November 12, 1976), was an