long‑term planning, taking into account the possibility of third parties seeking access to the system. 2. Having full regard to the relevant provisions of the Treaty, in particular Article 86 thereof, Member States may impose on natural gas undertakings, in the general economic interest, public service obligations which may relate to security, including security of supply, regularity, quality and price of supplies, and environmental protection, including energy efficiency and climate protection. Such obligations shall be clearly defined, transparent, non‑discriminatory and verifiable and shall guarantee equality of access for EU gas companies to national consumers . In relation to security of supply, and the fulfilment of environmental goals, including energy efficiency, Member States may introduce the implementation of long‑term planning, taking into account the possibility of third parties seeking access to the system. Justification All EU energy providers must have non-discriminatory access to national consumers. A situation needs to be avoided whereby public service provision is defined in terms which can only be met by national EU electricity and gas companies, amounting in practice to a distortion of competition. Amendment 5 Article 5 Member States shall ensure the monitoring of security of supply issues. Where Member States consider it appropriate, they may delegate this task to the regulatory authorities referred to in Article 25(1). This monitoring shall, in particular, cover the supply/demand balance on the national market, the level of expected future demand and available supplies, envisaged additional capacity being planned or under construction, and the quality and level of maintenance of the networks , as well as measures to cover peak demand and to deal with shortfalls of one or more suppliers. The competent authorities shall publish, by 31 July each year at the latest a report outlining the findings resulting from the monitoring of these issues, as well as any measures taken or envisaged to address them and shall forward this report to the Commission forthwith. Member States shall appoint a body, which may be the same as the independent regulatory authority referred to in Article 22, to deal with security of supply issues. This body shall, in particular, monitor the supply/demand balance on the national market, the level of expected future demand and envisaged additional capacity being planned or under construction, and the state of the networks and of their maintenance, and shall assess the potential transmission capacity. This body shall publish annually , by 31 July at