Louisville and Nashville Railroad, Atlantic Coast Line Railroad and Seaboard Air Line Railroad - it also owns major lines in the Northeast acquired from the 1998 breakup of Conrail." ] ], [ "Why Is There Air?", [ "Why Is There Air?", " (1965) is Bill Cosby's third album.", " It was recorded at the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada.", " It won the 1966 Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album." ] ], [ "Port of St. Helens", [ "The Port of St. Helens is the port authority for St. Helens, Oregon, United States.", " The port is a municipal corporation formed under state law to engage in public development activities.", " Under Oregon law, port districts have a broad range of economic development powers.", " The Port of St. Helens owns and operates properties throughout its district from the Clatsop County line in the northwest of Columbia County, to the Multnomah County line in the southeast, a six-mile-wide band that follows 51 miles of the Columbia River within Columbia County.", " The boundaries include the cities of Scappoose, Warren, St. Helens, Columbia City, Rainier and Clatskanie.", " The Port of St. Helens also owns and operates Scappoose Industrial Airpark in Scappoose and Scappoose Bay Marina in Warren." ] ], [ "City Cruises", [ "City Cruises is a public limited company that operates scheduled public sightseeing cruises on the River Thames in London, serving Westminster, London Eye, Tower and Greenwich piers every day throughout the year.", " It operates the services mainly using purpose-built wheelchair-accessible 'RiverLiner' vessels, which have a large open top deck and enclosed lower saloon with panoramic windows and bars, backed up by some ex-Paris single-deck conservatory-style sightseeing boats.", " The company also owns a number of other boats with which it provides a variety of private charter and waterage services on the River Thames.", " City Cruises owns the London Showboat brand, under which it operates an evening dinner, cabaret and dance cruise from Westminster Pier throughout the year, and also owns and operates the Restaurant Ship Hispaniola, which is permanently moored alongside Victoria Embankment close to Embankment Underground station in central London." ] ], [ "Katz Group of Companies", [ "The Katz Group of Companies is one of Canada's largest privately owned enterprises, with operations in pharmacy, sports and entertainment, and real estate development.", " Katz Group Pharmacies Inc. employs over 8,600 people and owns