40 Members object. Parliament shall avoid taking decisions which would place Members who use a particular language at an unacceptable disadvantage. Where fewer than 100 Members are present, Parliament may not decide otherwise if at least one tenth of the Members present object. Oral amendments tabled in committee may be put to the vote unless one of the committee's members objects. Rule 157 Admissibility of amendments 1. No amendment shall be admissible if: (a) it does not directly relate to the text which it seeks to amend; (b) it seeks to delete or replace the whole of a text; (c) it seeks to amend more than one of the individual articles or paragraphs of the text to which it relates. This provision shall not apply to compromise amendments nor to amendments which seek to make identical changes to a particular form of words throughout the text; (d) it is established that the wording in at least one of the official languages of the text that the amendment is seeking to change does not require amendment; in this case, the President shall seek out a suitable linguistic remedy together with those concerned. 2. An amendment shall fall if it is inconsistent with decisions previously taken on the text during the same vote. 3. The President shall decide whether amendments are admissible. The President's decision under paragraph 3 concerning the admissibility of amendments is not based exclusively on the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Rule but on the provisions of the Rules in general. 4. A political group or at least 40 members may table an alternative motion for a resolution seeking to replace a non-legislative motion for a resolution contained in a committee report. In such a case, the group or the Members concerned may not table amendments to the motion for a resolution by the committee responsible. The alternative motion for a resolution may not be longer than the committee's motion for a resolution. It shall be put to a single vote in Parliament without amendment. Rule 110(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis . Rule 158 Voting procedure 1. The following voting procedure shall apply to reports: (a) first, voting on any amendments to the text with which the report of the committee responsible is concerned, (b) second, voting on that text as a whole, amended or otherwise, (c) third, voting on amendments to the motion for a