groups face a lot of difficulties, E. whereas the deterioration of the health and education systems in Turkmenistan has led to the closure of important scientific and cultural institutions and the departure of skilled and qualified people, F. whereas a clause to the Constitution of Turkmenistan introduced in August 2003 prohibiting dual citizenship and the reintroduction of the compulsory use of exit visas in Turkmenistan affects the free movement and the national identity of up to 100,000 Russian citizens living in Turkmenistan, G. whereas the forcible deportation of critics of the government of Turkmenistan from the Russian Federation, places them in peril of ill-treatment and torture, On Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan H. whereas in Kazakhstan improvement in the country’s human rights record has been tempered by media censorship and cases of trials not considered fair by OSCE standards, I. whereas in Kyrgyzstan respect for human rights has been tempered by examples of harassment of opposition figures, journalists, workers for non-governmental organisations and human rights defenders, J. whereas in Tajikistan respect for human rights has improved in recent years but limitations on freedom of expression and freedom of conscience and the frequent recourse to the death penalty mean there is still much reform required for the country to meet the human rights provisions in their Partnership and Cooperation Agreements with the EU, K. whereas in Uzbekistan there is partial progress in developing the rule of law, openness of media and many NGOs are allowed to work in the country, but there is still a suppression of free speech and violation of human rights that has been illustrated and exacerbated by the case of Uzbek journalist Ruslan Sharipov, who has been tried in close court and sentenced to four years imprisonment on charges of homosexual conduct, On Turkmenistan 1. Deplores the deterioration of the human rights situation in Turkmenistan; 2. Calls on the government of Turkmenistan to implement all recommendations in the resolution adopted in April 2003 at the 59 th session of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, as well as the recommendations made by the OSCE-appointed rapporteur Prof. Emmanuel Decaux in his March 2003 report; 3. Urges the Turkmen authorities to respect Turkmenistan's obligations under international law and stop the attacks on and torture and ill-treatment of political opponents; 4. Calls on the government of Turkmenistan to conduct impartial and thorough investigations into all the reports of deaths