where 'European added-value' is uncontested (such as Erasmus) and to initiatives (such as town-twinning partnerships) which are concrete examples of European cooperation and which take place at a level which is close to citizens. Policy area 9 12. In principle, the transfer of the audiovisual and media policy budget lines from policy area 15 to policy area 9 is unobjectionable. However, given the dispersal of the budget lines for which it is responsible across a number of policy areas, the Committee must make a special effort to ensure that it continues to be able to monitor expenditure (e.g. for the Media programme) for which it has particular responsibility. 13. The i2i initiative (budget line 09 05 05 - formerly line 15 05 01 05) which ran as a preparatory measure for three years, was established to help audiovisual companies to gain access to funding by subsidising part of the cost of the bank guarantees required by banks and other financial institutions. This initiative has now been integrated in the Media Plus Programme (although no additional funding has been provided). Policy area 15 14. The Committee has special responsibility for a number of co-decided programmes: Socrates, Youth, Culture, Erasmus Mundus, e-Learning, and the three action programmes supporting European organisations in the fields of culture, youth, and education and training. Normally, there would be little scope to alter the multi-annual budgets agreed for these programmes by Parliament and Council. However, given the exceptional circumstances in which the budgetary procedure takes place, the draftsman proposes to exploit Article 33 of the Inter-institutional Agreement of May 1999 to press for a revision of the multi-annual budget of two co-decided programmes. 15. Socrates : This is the Community's programme in the field of education: it provides an instrument for spreading innovation and good practice in education that would otherwise have remained locked within national borders. Consisting of well-established actions, the programme has a very high rate of budget implementation. Within Socrates, the Erasmus action - and in particular the student mobility sub-action - is one of the most well-known and successful of all the Community's measures across the whole policy spectrum. The Parliament's support for the successor programme proposed by the Commission was recently demonstrated by its decision to press for an increase of EUR 670 million (2004 prices) above the figure proposed by the Commission. 16. Erasmus student mobility grants have been in existence