Joint answer to Written Questions E-0770/99 , E-0771/99 , E-0772/99 and E-0773/99 given by Mr Fischler on behalf of the Commission (20 April 1999) An application has been made for registration of the designation Helado artesano under Council Regulation (EEC) 2082/92 of 14 July 1992 on certificates of specific character for agricultural products and foodstuffs, which provides for the protection of specific and traditional methods or modes of production at the initiative of a producer group. The application in question was for protection under Article 13(2) of the above Regulation ( absolute protection of the name, as the name alone is protected). Once the Commission had checked the information submitted and found it to comply with the provisions of the Regulation, and in particular Articles 2, 4, 5 and 6 thereof, the main points of the application for registration were published in the Official Journal. Following publication objections may be submitted by the Member States or by any person who can demonstrate a legitimate economic interest. A total of nine objections were sent to the Commission within the given time limit, in accordance with the right to object to the intended registration granted by the above Regulation. In accordance with the procedure provided for in the Regulation, the Commission asked the Member States concerned to seek agreement between themselves. However, following a number of exchanges of information, the Spanish Government confirmed that it had not been possible to reach an agreement under the terms of Article 9. It is therefore up to the Commission to decide, through the regulatory committee, whether or not to register the specific character of the designation in question. Work is currently underway in the Commission to find a solution to this case. In the product specifications drawn up by the producer group it is made quite clear that the proposed method of production is that used to produce a specific and traditional type of ice-cream. Reference is made to hand production of ice-cream in a number of points. The aim of this application is therefore to allow consumers to distinguish hand-made ice-cream from other types of ice-cream easily, by providing a Community guarantee. It should be noted, that in accordance with the principle laid down by the above Regulation, once a designation has been registered any Community producer is free to use it as long as he complies with the relevant production conditions in accordance