the Community and to the protection of human health and consumer interests. A second report by Åsa WESTLUND (PES, SE) deals with additives such as sweeteners, colourings, preservatives, antioxidants, emulsifiers, gelling agents and packaging gases. The report by Mojca DRČAR MURKO (ALDE, SI) concerns flavourings and certain food ingredients with flavouring properties. The food industry uses many natural and artificial flavourings, about 2,600 of which are currently registered. As with additives, under the new rules, enzymes will be authorized only if they do not mislead the consumer. The compromise specifies that misleading the consumer relates to the freshness, nature and quality of ingredients and the naturalness and nutritional quality of the product. Avril DOYLE (EPP-ED, IE) drafted the EP report on enzymes. All-inclusive air fares just around the corner Air travellers will soon be able to see at a glance exactly what they have to pay for their tickets, assuming Parliament approves new EU rules in Strasbourg next week. Air fares as displayed will have to include all taxes, fees and charges added to the basic ticket price and known at the time of publication. Safety of small children in plane seats MEPs and the Commission will discuss ways of improving the safety of children's seating arrangements in aircraft, particularly in the event of a crash.. Children under two years of age are not entitled to a seat of their own and the two commonest methods of protecting them - loop belts and lapholding - are regarded as unsatisfactory. Europe-wide authorisation of railway rolling stock, but heritage railways exempted Parliament is set to nod through an agreement reached with the Council on the EU-wide approval of different types of railway rolling stock. Under the new legislation, any rolling stock already approved for use in one Member State will have to be accepted in the other states. This will cut red tape and should boost the development of rail transport in Europe. European Railway Agency For the Rail Safety Directive to work, centralised procedures and data will be needed. This is the task of the European Railway Agency. Under the amended regulation on the European Railway Agency, this body is mandated to develop a reference document with information on all the national rules on the placing in service of rolling stock. It will also play a coordinating role in efforts to streamline the number of national safety rules. Public support, good