" Why would the Commission do studies if it were not willing to take the results into account?" . However, he subsequently said " It is premature to say whether there will be structural changes ". When Caroline LUCAS (Greens/EFA, UK) accused the Commission of being biased and only involving the industry and not environmental and health experts in the new impact assessment, Mr Verheugen replied " This procedure decided by the previous Commission is something that I didn't agree to, and we should develop a method that involves everyone in these studies ". The Commission's position was quite clear, added two officials later in the hearing, Jos DELBEKE, Director at DG Environment, and Patrick HENNESSY, Director at DG Enterprise and Industry: the text would be neither withdrawn nor modified before Parliament presented its amendments to the Council. "This is a standard procedure. There is no reason to change it" , said Mr Delbeke. This view was not shared by some MEPs, including Mr Sacconi and the draftsman of the opinion for the EP's Internal Market Committee, Hartmut NASSAUER (EPP-ED, DE). Johannes BLOKLAND (IND/DEM, NL) said he was surprised that the Commission "has learnt nothing new about the project even though the debate has been going on a year and a half" and that it was unable to make changes to the text to enable Parliament to continue its work on the basis of an updated version. MEPs felt the Commission's stance was wasting time and was inconsistent, as Mr Delbeke had just stated himself that the Commission "is open to any new creative ideas" . For the Council of Ministers, the Dutch state secretary for Environment Pieter van GEEL was supported by the Luxembourg ministers Lucien LUX (Environment) and Jeannot KRECKÉ (Economy) when he explained that the Council was also trying to find practical solutions for REACH. A Council workshop held in October will continue working under the Luxembourg presidency. Mr Florenz expressed Parliament's gratitude to Council for inviting the EP's rapporteur and draftsmen to contribute to the working group. Implications of REACH for industry During the second part of the hearing, speakers discussed the impact of REACH on industry. SMEs were particularly worried, according to Bruno STEFAN (European Association of Chemical Distributors, Germany), who said they were the firms most affected by REACH, in two or even three guises as producers, importers and/or users of chemical products. Gyula