reach agreement with the Council and the Commission on the limitation of the speaking time for their respective statements, if any, in the debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law. Deadline for tabling amendments 7. The deadline for tabling amendments shall allow sufficient time between their distribution in the official languages and the time set for the debate on the motions for resolutions to enable Members and political groups to give them due consideration. ANNEX V Deleted ANNEX VI Procedure for the consideration and adoption of decisions on the granting of discharge Article 1 Documents 1. The following documents shall be printed and distributed: (a) the revenue and expenditure account, the financial analysis and the balance sheet forwarded by the Commission; (b) the Annual Report and special reports of the Court of Auditors, accompanied by the Institutions' answers; (c) the statement of assurance as to the reliability of the accounts and the legality and regularity of the underlying transactions provided by the Court of Auditors pursuant to Article 287 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; (d) the Council recommendation. 2. These documents shall be referred to the committee responsible. Any committee concerned may deliver an opinion. 3. If other committees wish to deliver opinions, the President shall set the time-limit within which these shall be communicated to the committee responsible. Article 2 Consideration of report 1. Parliament shall consider a report from the committee responsible concerning discharge by 30 April of the year following the adoption of the Court of Auditors' Annual Report as required by the Financial Regulation. 2. Parliament's Rules relating to amendments and voting shall apply unless otherwise provided in this Annex. Article 3 Content of the Report 1. The discharge report drawn up by the committee responsible shall comprise: (a) a proposal for a decision granting discharge or postponing the discharge decision (April part-session vote) or a proposal for a decision granting or refusing to grant discharge (October part-session vote); (b) a proposal for a decision closing the accounts of all the Union's revenue, expenditure, assets and liabilities; (c) a motion for a resolution containing comments accompanying the proposal for a decision referred to in point (a) including both an assessment of the Commission's budgetary management over the financial year and observations relating to the implementation of expenditure for the future; (d) as an Annex,