Answer given by Ms Malmström on behalf of the Commission (1 September 2010) The Commission is aware of concerns about the conditions in detention centres for migrants in Greece and, insofar as the treatment of asylum‑seekers is concerned, has already raised these concerns with the Greek authorities. Concerning the situation of asylum‑seekers, as indicated in the reply of 10 December 2009 to parliamentary Question E‑5426/09 by Ms Brantner See: http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getAllAnswers.do?reference=E‑2009-5426&language=LV , on 3 November 2009, the Commission sent Greece a letter of formal notice, which constitutes the first stage of an infringement procedure, setting out concerns about the compatibility of various aspects of its asylum system with EC law, including the question of effective access to the asylum procedure and the treatment of asylum seeking unaccompanied minors. On 24 June 2010, the Commission sent Greece a supplementary letter of formal notice raising further concerns about its compliance with the EU asylum acquis, including on the question of whether reception conditions in detention centres such as the one located in the Athens International Airport ‘Eleftherios Venizelos’ are consistent with the minimum standards prescribed by the Reception Conditions Directive Council Directive 2003/9/EC laying down minimum standards for the reception of asylum‑seekers of 27 January 2003, OJ L 31, 6.2.2003. . The Commission will keep the Honourable Member informed of the developments on this issue. At the same time the Commission notes that the Greek Government has announced its intention to undertake a comprehensive reform of its asylum system and that legislation is being prepared to that end, including on the issue of improvement of reception conditions for asylum‑seekers. The Commission welcomes these steps and encourages Greece to proceed with these reforms as a matter of urgency. As regards third country migrants more generally, Council Directive 2008/115/EC Directive 2008/115/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2008 on common standards and procedures in Member States for returning illegally staying third-country nationals, OJ L 348, 24.12.2008. (‘the Return Directive’) contains specific safeguards in relation to the detention of third‑country nationals for the purpose of removal. In particular, detention shall, as a rule, take place in specialised facilities and families detained shall be provided with separate accommodation guaranteeing adequate privacy. Minors shall have the possibility to engage in leisure activities and, depending on the length of their stay, shall have access to education. Unaccompanied minors shall, as far as possible, be provided