have competence for the purposes of the application of Article 23. Member States shall apprise the Commission of any subsequent changes to this information. 2. The Commission shall make the information notified in accordance with paragraph 1 publicly available through publication in the Official Journal of the European Union and through any other appropriate means. Article 26 Implementing measures The measures designed to amend non-essential elements of this Regulation, including by supplementing it, relating to updates or technical amendments to the forms in the Annexes shall be adopted in accordance with the regulatory procedure with scrutiny referred to in Article 27(2). Article 27 Committee 1. The Commission shall be assisted by a Committee. 2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Article 5a(1) to (4), and Article 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof. Article 28 Review By 1 January 2014, the Commission shall present to the European Parliament, the Council and the European Economic and Social Committee a detailed report reviewing the operation of the European Small Claims Procedure, including the limit of the value of the claim referred to in Article 2(1) . That report shall contain an assessment of the procedure as it has operated and an extended impact assessment for each Member State. To that end and in order to ensure that best practice in the European Union is duly taken into account and reflects the principles of better legislation, Member States shall provide the Commission with information relating to the cross-border operation of the European Small Claims Procedure. This information shall cover court fees, speed of the procedure, efficiency, ease of use and the internal small claims procedures of the Member States. The Commission's report shall be accompanied, if appropriate, by proposals for adaptation. Article 29 Entry into force This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . It shall apply from 1 January 2009, with the exception of Article 25, which shall apply from 1 January 2008. This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in the Member States in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community. Done at ..., For the European Parliament For the Council The President The President ANNEX I EUROPEAN SMALL CLAIMS PROCEDURE FORM A CLAIM FORM (Article 4(1) of Regulation (EC) No… * OJ: please