the building-up of Member State clusters should also be explored as a means of promoting exchanges of ideas and experiences within the EU; 17. Calls on representatives of European society to take an active part in civil dialogue and in the formulation of European programmes and policies, thereby making it possible to influence decision-making processes; 18. Encourages EU citizens to become more involved in European debates and discussions and to vote in the forthcoming European Parliament elections; 19. Points out that, for dialogue with citizens at all levels – European, national, regional and local –, appropriate financial resources are required, and calls on the stakeholders in that dialogue and the entities responsible for it to ensure that it is adequately funded; 20. Stresses that, besides dialogue with civil society, there also needs to be an open, transparent and regular dialogue between the Union and churches and religious communities, as provided for by the Treaty of Lisbon; 21. Recommends to the EU institutions that they jointly make available information on the representativeness and fields of activity of civil society organisations in Europe, for example in a public, user-friendly database; 22. Calls on the Commission to submit a fresh proposal for European associations so that European civil society organisations can fall back on a shared legal basis; 23. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the parliaments of the Member States, the Council, the Commission, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 'We are not seeking coalitions between States, we are uniting people' Jean Monnet What European citizens expect of the EU institutions is summed up by the slogan 'Nothing about us without us'. The successive EU enlargements have increased not only the number of Member States but also the number of people to whom Community law applies. And while the EU is a project subject to continuous change, communication between the Union and citizens has, regrettably, failed to keep pace with that change. A clearly visible communication gap has opened up, and this was reflected in both the French and Dutch rejection of the Constitution for Europe and the Irish rejection of the Lisbon Treaty. That gap appears to be narrowing as a result of the measures and projects implemented by the EU institutions. The efforts that have been made show that concerted action to influence the development of participative democracy around European