was to be given to adopting a tool enabling the Member States to apply Tampere conclusion 36. With a view to putting those measures into practice, an initiative by the Governments of the French Republic, the Kingdom of Sweden and the Kingdom of Belgium was submitted on the same day as the above programme for the purpose of securing the adoption by the Council of a Framework Decision on the execution in the European Union of orders freezing property or evidence. On 9 February 2001, Parliament was consulted by the Council in respect of that initiative. Your current rapporteur for this reconsultation was also rapporteur for the first consultation, and his draft report on that first consultation was adopted by the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs at its meeting of 11 July 2001. Parliament subsequently adopted a legislative resolution on the report on 20 September 2001. Your rapporteur does not intend to describe the substance of the amendments which were tabled to the original version of the initiative. However, comment should be made regarding the substance of some of them, which referred to the essential aspect of the proposal, namely its scope. In those amendments it was proposed that the scope of freezing orders in respect of property should be extended so that such orders could apply to offences of any kind (without verification of double criminality) and not only to the rather short list of six types of offence proposed in the initiative, which Europol was responsible for dealing with. Your rapporteur welcomes the fact that the revised version of the draft Council framework decision incorporates many of the amendments tabled by Parliament and that its scope has been greatly enlarged to cover 32 types of offence. Furthermore, other offences which are not explicitly listed may be recognised provided that, in certain cases, there is double criminality and that, in others, freezing on similar grounds is permitted under the laws of the executing State. Your rapporteur is aware that Parliament’s original amendments were conscientiously debated and analysed by the Council, that they were taken seriously and that they have been incorporated into the revised version of the draft text on which Parliament is now, as required, being reconsulted. However, your rapporteur is also highly aware of the way in which the tragic events of 11 September 2001 have influenced the change in political thinking