managed to adapt and respond to social changes and the new needs of our age as regards social well-being by opening their doors to all citizens. However, the traditional role of universities as scientific powerhouses is currently being questioned in Europe because much top-flight research is being conducted outside the university environment and mass higher education has placed severe strains on teaching, at times reducing quality and competitiveness. Furthermore, the desire of many universities and governments to meet the social demand for qualifications and the extraordinary increase in the student body has made itself felt in the dearth of measures and resources for research and postgraduate training. At present, now that the ‘knowledge-based society’ Lisbon European Council (23 and 24 March 2000). has become a priority for the Union, what needs to be done is to check whether the policies being implemented are coherent and effective. It is necessary to ascertain that European bodies have worked out and for that matter drawn up proper combined strategies to boost universities as focal points of technical, learning, and cultural renewal in a world founded on intellectual and scientific expertise. Comparative statistics on European universities in the research sphere show that their leadership capacity, contributions to science, and powers to regenerate have declined. That being the case, and bearing in mind that the system concerned is one that is slow to respond to the stimuli applied to it, the most important steps to take are to foster scientific and technical debate, train young people, and restore the scientific leadership that Europe has always enjoyed. 3. European policy on universities: specific measures, convergence projects, and initiatives to encourage mobility The Union has been pursuing various measures to promote convergence, by encouraging universities, teachers, and students to forge ties, and enable universities to move closer together by sharing experiences. The Socrates/Erasmus programme has proved to be one of the most effective means afforded to the Commission and the Member States to promote student and teacher mobility, devise joint courses, organise intensive courses, and help set up specialist subject networks. It is worth drawing attention to the mobility performance as regards both students (86 000 Erasmus students in the 1997/98 academic year, approximately 1% of all students enrolled in higher education, and 97 041 in 1999/2000 within the EU/EEA) and teachers (7 000 teachers in the 1998/99 academic year and 9 837 in 1999/2000 within the