the fact that some Member States, in order to avoid reporting the measures missing from full transposition of the directive, resort to the tactic of claiming that their existing legislation covers the provisions of the directive; 3. Regrets the fact that, although the relevant provisions are worded in such a way as to leave room for manoeuvre, and lengthy transitional periods were provided, many Member States have displayed a reluctance to implement the directive in a correct and timely fashion; 4. Calls for an investigation into why the Member States refuse to comply with certain of the directive's provisions; 5. Calls on the Commission to examine and report on cases where the directive has supposedly been transposed and effectively applied but which actually make a mockery of the principles of the directive and fail to apply them, because of confusion created by exclusions and exceptions; 6. Asks the Commission to monitor the effects for the sea fishing and fish processing industries of being covered by different rules and to comment on these effects in its implementation reports; 7. Expresses its concern that the possibility of transposing the directive by means of collective labour agreements is causing the Member States to be unable to submit a full list of the contents of the collective labour agreements in order to make possible a check on the gaps in transposal of the directive; 8. Calls on the Commission to ensure that the Member States which transpose the directive by means of collective labour agreements see to it that all workers are covered; 9. Regards the agreement reached by the European Community Shipowners' Association (ECSA) and the Federation of Transport Workers in the European Union (FST) embodied in Directive 1999/63/EC as an example of best practice and asks the Commission and Council to encourage the social partners toward the conclusion of such agreements; 10. Calls on the Commission to ensure that the directive is fully applied in the public sector; 11. Calls on the Commission to speed up and complete checks on the application of the directive, as well as infringement proceedings before the Court of Justice in cases of incorrect application; 12. Calls on the Commission to investigate the conditions of application of the directive to new working time patterns such as precarious work, part-time work and fixed-term work; 13. Calls on the Commission to study the particular characteristics of the work of