for them to do this, leadership is needed. One key element of the Community’s action is to show strong leadership so as to give all those responsible for road safety the opportunity to take action. Political leadership is called for particularly in areas where the responsibilities of differing authorities overlap, such as in cross-border enforcement. The Community should take on a strong leadership role to enable authorities and Member States to use innovative instruments, such as public procurement procedures, so that their decisions can help improve road safety. Insurance companies too are key actors which can influence road safety, e.g. by setting differentiated premiums. A vehicle is often a mobile place of work. More and more people use a car in their daily work. Many people who work in fields such as home nursing, cleaning, sports clubs or the arts use their cars to travel between clients. The car and the road become a part of their working environment and should be treated as such. Rules on health and safety at work should therefore also apply to these situations. Consequently a systematic approach to road use is a new and important concept which should be taken into account in a road safety context. Health and safety at work rules should be applied in the procurement of transport services. Road safety should be taken into account in undertakings' health and safety policy. The vehicles used for school bus services are often old and sometimes downright dangerous. The Commission should adopt guidelines for good practice and public procurement rules for school transport to ensure that schoolchildren can travel more safely. People with disabilities should enjoy the same rights and opportunities as everyone else. It is therefore important for taxi drivers, for example, to be properly trained in securing wheelchairs, so as to ensure the mobility of this group of people. Vulnerable road users such as pedestrians and cyclists should be given better protection in the traffic environment. This must be taken very seriously at all levels, from the EU to national and local authorities. Sweden has a significantly better record in terms of children surviving road accidents (95%) than the rest of Europe (60-70%). Studies have shown that survival rates for children up to the age of 4 increase significantly when they are in backward-facing child car seats. To improve safety for this group of children, who have no influence on their