WRITTEN QUESTION E-3336/08 by Riccardo Ventre (PPE‑DE) to the Council (13 June 2008) Subject: Population of Myanmar Almost a month after the passage of Cyclone Nargis, which killed 130 000 people and left 2.4 million homeless, the situation in Burma is still very difficult. The belated arrival of foreign aid and rescue workers, long delayed by General Than Shwe, who heads the Burmese military junta, does not seem to have brought any improvement. Statistics show that international humanitarian aid has so far reached barely one quarter of the people affected by the cataclysm. The United Nations estimates that over 60 % of those in need have yet to receive the minimum level of relief aid. In the Delta region, which was one of the hardest hit by the cyclone, it is estimated that over 5 000 square kilometres are under water. At a meeting in Bangkok on the humanitarian emergency, Richard Horsey, spokesman for the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, stated that over one million people there are homeless and in need of immediate assistance. The situation remain serious, and in spite of the first relief operations, there is as yet nothing tangible to suggest it will improve. Lack of drinking water has become the main health threat in the post‑cyclone period. The Irrawaddy River Delta is a huge area of swampland, where the survivors have gathered in the few villages left intact in the hope of finding assistance. Over 20 % of children under 5 who have been left parentless are living in critical health and hygiene conditions. In the areas worst affected and flooded by seawater, people are still drinking from rivers and lagoons, and the number of cases of cholera is continuing to rise. The European Parliament in Strasbourg has condemned the ‘unacceptably’ slow response of the Burmese authorities to the grave humanitarian crisis triggered by Cyclone Nargis. Parliament has also stressed that the human rights of the people of Burma must not and cannot be overridden. The debate in Strasbourg led to the adoption, on 22 May 2008, of a joint resolution which called clearly for humanitarian aid to reach the suffering population, emphasising that this had to happen even without the consent of the Burmese military junta. At present, the international community continues to blame the military junta for its slow provision of relief and refusal to accept aid. Despite this, Burma’s