pesticides currently regulated by Directive 76/895/EEC or for pesticides for which Community MRLs have not yet been set. ( 20 ) It is appropriate that the minimum data requirements to be used when considering the setting of MRLs for pesticides be laid down at Community level. ( 21 ) In exceptional circumstances and in particular for unauthorised pesticides that may be present in the environment, it is appropriate to permit the use of monitoring data in setting MRLs. ( 22 ) MRLs for pesticides should be continually monitored and should be changed to take account of new information and data. MRLs should be set at the lower level of analytical determination where authorised uses of plant protection products do not result in detectable levels of pesticide residues. Where uses of pesticides are not authorised at Community level, MRLs should be set at an appropriately low level to protect the consumer from the intake of unauthorised or excessive levels of pesticides residues. In order to facilitate control of residues of pesticides, a default value is to be set for pesticide residues present in products or groups of products covered by Annex I for which no MRLs have been established in Annexes II or III, unless the active substance in question is listed in Annex IV. It is appropriate to set the default value at 0,01 mg/kg and to provide for the possibility of setting it at a different level for active substances covered by Annex V, taking into account the routine analytical methods available and/or consumer protection . ( 23 ) Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 establishes procedures for taking emergency measures in relation to food and feed of Community origin or imported from a third country. Those procedures allow the Commission to adopt such measures in situations where food is likely to constitute a serious risk to human health, animal health or the environment and where such risk cannot be contained satisfactorily by measures taken by the Member State(s) concerned. It is appropriate that these measures and their effect on humans and, where relevant, animals be assessed by the Authority . ( 24 ) The lifetime exposure, and where appropriate the acute exposure of consumers to pesticide residues via food products should be evaluated in accordance with Community procedures and practices, taking account of guidelines published by the World Health Organization. ( 25 ) Through the World Trade Organisation, the Community's