the European Union . The registration shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and on the Internet and shall include the publication details of the product specification referred to in the first subparagraph of Article 8(2) . Amendment 11 Article 12, paragraph 2 2. Where reference is made to a traditional speciality guaranteed on the labelling of an agricultural product or foodstuff produced within the Community, the registered name, the expression "traditional speciality guaranteed" or its abbreviation "TSG" as well as the associated Community symbol shall appear thereon. 2. Where reference is made to a traditional speciality guaranteed on the labelling of an agricultural product or foodstuff produced within the Community, the registered name, the expression "traditional speciality guaranteed" or its abbreviation "TSG" as well as the specific associated Community symbol shall appear thereon. Amendment 12 Article 12, paragraph 3 a (new) 3a. The place of origin and the place of processing of each agricultural product or foodstuff marketed with a Community certificate of specific character in accordance with this Regulation shall be clearly and visibly indicated on the label. Amendment 13 Article 15, paragraph 2, subparagraph 1 a (new) Existing private inspection bodies may seek such accreditation within one year from the date of publication of this Regulation. Amendment 14 Article 15, paragraph 3 3. The public or private inspection bodies referred to in paragraph 1 shall have the powers to enforce compliance with this Regulation, including, where appropriate, by imposition of penalties, if they find that an agricultural product or foodstuff designated as a traditional speciality guaranteed does not comply with the requirements laid down in the product specification. 3. The public inspection bodies referred to in paragraph 1 shall have the powers to enforce compliance with this Regulation, including, where appropriate, by imposition of penalties, if they find that an agricultural product or foodstuff designated as a traditional speciality guaranteed does not comply with the requirements laid down in the product specification. Amendment 15 Article 17, paragraph 2 a (new) 2a. If a processed product contains an agricultural product or foodstuff that has been registered under this Regulation, the use of the relevant expression on the label of the processed product shall be subject to the specific authorisation of the group that obtained recognition. Amendment 16 Article 18, paragraph 3 3. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Articles 4 and 7 of