prerogatives are exercised as effectively and transparently as possible, D. whereas this Framework Agreement should be interpreted in conformity with the institutional framework as organised by the Treaties, E. whereas the Commission will take due account of the respective roles conferred by the Treaties on Parliament and the Council, in particular with reference to the basic principle of equal treatment laid down under point 9, F. whereas it is appropriate to update the Framework Agreement concluded in May 2005 OJ C 117 E, 18.5.2006, p. 125. and to replace it by the following text, agree as follows: I. SCOPE 1. To better reflect the new "special partnership" between Parliament and the Commission, the two Institutions agree on the following measures to strengthen the political responsibility and legitimacy of the Commission, extend constructive dialogue, improve the flow of information between the two Institutions and improve cooperation on procedures and planning. They also agree on specific provisions: - on Commission meetings with national experts, as set out in Annex 1; - on the forwarding of confidential information to Parliament, as set out in Annex 2; - on the negotiation and conclusion of international agreements, as set out in Annex 3; and - on the timetable for the Commission Work Programme, as set out in Annex 4. II. POLITICAL RESPONSIBILITY 2. After being nominated by the European Council, the President-designate of the Commission will submit to Parliament political guidelines for his/her term of office in order to enable an informed exchange of views to take place with Parliament before its election vote. 3. In conformity with Rule 106 of its Rules of Procedure, Parliament shall communicate with the President-elect of the Commission in good time before the opening of the procedures relating to giving its consent to the new Commission. Parliament shall take into account the remarks expressed by the President-elect. The designated Members of the Commission shall ensure full disclosure of all relevant information, in conformity with the obligation of independence laid down in Article 245 TFEU. The procedures shall be designed in such a way as to ensure that the entire Commission-designate is assessed in an open, fair and consistent manner. 4. Each Member of the Commission shall take political responsibility for action in the field of which he or she is in charge, without prejudice to the principle of Commission collegiality. The President of the Commission shall be fully responsible