rapid and easy cross-verification of data, avoiding the need for manual comparisons. Inspections at Sea - The proposal expands the ability of Member States to conduct inspections in each others' waters. Such mutual inspection procedures already exist in some Regional Fisheries Management Organisations of which the Community is a member. The capacity of the Commission to carry out its own investigations would also increase. For reasons once again of the need to eliminate the perception of discrimination and to create the "level playing field", this is a long overdue proposal. If fishing fleets can move throughout Community waters, then inspection vessels should have the same ability. One amendment made here concerns "hot pursuit". The proposal says that if an inspection vessel from one Member State is in hot pursuit of a vessel that goes into the waters of another Member State, then it must request the coastal Member State for permission to carry out an inspection. Since this rather defeats the purpose of "hot pursuit", it is proposed that the inspecting Member State inform the coastal Member State before entering its waters. Sanctions - The Commission is again trying to harmonise sanctions for serious infringements. This idea has been discussed before, in the context of the Aubert report on the IUU regulation Aubert report A6-0193/2008 on the proposal for a Council regulation establishing a Community system to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing. . At that time, Parliament agreed with the Commission that there was a need to harmonise the maximum administrative sanctions. This time the Commission is proposing both minimum (at least €5.000) and maximum levels (at least €300.000) for administrative sanctions. There is also an innovative idea for a system of "penalty points" that would be distributed for vessels and captains that commit infringements. If infringements are repeated, more points are given, and there would be a threshold at which enough points would cause the temporary suspension or cancellation of the fishing authorisation. If no further infringements are committed, the points would disappear after a certain time. This system could be of considerable help in getting Member States to deal with infractions in a more coherent way, part of the "level playing field". An amendment is added to include ship-owners, since they are the ones who are ultimately responsible for what a vessel does. Conclusions - The proposal of the Commission is an important step