procedures have been duly completed, acts adopted in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure shall be signed by the President and the Secretary-General and shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union by the Secretaries-General of Parliament and of the Council. CHAPTER 6a CONSTITUTIONAL MATTERS Rule 74a Ordinary Treaty revision 1. In accordance with Rules 41 and 48 the committee responsible may submit to Parliament a report containing proposals to the Council for amendment of the Treaties. 2. Where Parliament is consulted, in accordance with Article 48(3) of the Treaty on European Union, on a proposal for a decision of the European Council in favour of examining amendments to the Treaties, the matter shall be referred to the committee responsible. The committee shall draw up a report comprising: - a motion for a resolution which states whether Parliament approves or rejects the proposed decision and which may contain proposals for the attention of the Convention or of the conference of representatives of the governments of the Member States; - if appropriate, an explanatory statement. 3. If the European Council decides to convene a Convention, the representatives of Parliament shall be appointed by Parliament upon a proposal by the Conference of Presidents. Parliament’s delegation shall elect its leader and its candidates for membership of any steering group or bureau set up by the Convention 4. Where the European Council requests Parliament's consent in relation to a decision not to convene a Convention for the examination of proposed amendments of the Treaties, the matter shall be referred to the committee responsible in accordance with Rule 81. Rule 74b Simplified Treaty revision 1. In accordance with Rules 41 and 48 the committee responsible may submit to Parliament, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 48(6) of the Treaty on European Union, a report containing proposals to the European Council for revision of all or part of the provisions of Part Three of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 2. Where Parliament is consulted, in accordance with Article 48(6) of the Treaty on European Union, on a proposal for a decision of the European Council amending Part Three of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, Rule 74a(2) shall apply mutatis mutandis. In that event, the motion for a resolution may contain proposals for amendments only of provisions of Part Three of the Treaty