Florida) is an American social science researcher.", " Wechsberg’s research focuses on developing and testing the efficacy of HIV prevention interventions among key populations of substance abusers globally.", " She is a recognized expert in the fields of substance abuse, gender inequality, and HIV.", " She developed the Women’s CoOp intervention, a woman-focused behavioral HIV intervention that incorporates gender- and culture-specific skills training.", " Wechsberg is a Principal Researcher and Director of the Substance Use, Gender, and Applied Research (SUGAR) Program at RTI International and Director of the RTI Global Gender Center.", " She is also Adjunct Professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC) Gillings School of Global Public Health, Adjunct Professor of Psychology at North Carolina State University (NCSU), and Adjunct Professor in Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Duke University School of Medicine." ] ], [ "Michael L. J. Apuzzo", [ "Michael L. J. Apuzzo (born May 22, 1940) is an American academic neurological surgeon, the Edwin M. Todd/Trent H. Wells, Jr.", " Professor Emeritus of Neurological Surgery and Radiation Oncology, Biology, and Physics' at the Keck School of Medicine, of the University of Southern California.", " He is also Editor Emeritus of the peer-reviewed journals \"World Neurosurgery\" and \"Neurosurgery\".", " He is Distinguished Adjunct Professor of Neurosurgery at the Yale School of Medicine, Distinguished Professor of Advanced Neurosurgery and Neuroscience and Senior Advisor, at the The Neurological Institute, Wexner Medical School, The Ohio State University, and Adjunct Professor of Neurosurgery, Weill Cornell Medicine, Department of Neurological Surgery & Weill Cornell Brain and Spine Center." ] ], [ "Gabriel Marques (Attorney)", [ "Gabriel S. Marques is a Portuguese-American attorney who formerly served as Deputy Comptroller for Nassau County, New York.", " He is a member of the Portuguese Government's pro-bono Diaspora Advisory Council and Adjunct Professor of Economics at Molloy College." ] ], [ "Adjunct professors in North America", [ "In North America, an adjunct professor, also known as an adjunct lecturer or adjunct instructor (collectively, adjunct faculty), is a professor who teaches on a limited-term contract, often for one semester at a time, and who is ineligible for tenure.", " Roughly 75% of college faculty are non-tenure-track.", " Non-tenure-track faculty teach college classes at all levels and are \"typically tasked with the same instructional responsibilities as tenured faculty, such as assembling syllabi, ordering textbooks, and writing lectures.\"", " Non-tenure-track faculty earn much less than