on the future financing of European schools. The role of the European Schools is to provide for the education of the children of the staff of the European Communities. The draft resolution recommends that some of the European Schools should be ”reconsidered” as some of the smaller schools have a very limited number of pupils from staff of a European body and European school should be the subjected to independent evaluation. The reasons for changes to the financing of the European Schools include: the opening of two new European Schools (Alicante and Frankfurt), the withdrawal, in 2000, of all the Commission’s permanent staff at the JET Joint Undertaking in Culham in the UK, and the approaching enlargement of the Union. The draft resolution contains a number of recommendations including increasing the number of representatives of the Commission on the Board of Governors in order to ensure a stronger influence from the Community within the decision-making process of the European Schools. A total overhaul of financing is recommended, meaning that those that benefit from the school (the national, regional and/or local authorities and the parents) should bear the costs. In 2000, the administration costs of the European Schools amounted to some €187 million, or €11.357 per pupil. Commission subsidy to the different Schools ranges from 6 126 Euro (Luxembourg) to €10 698 per pupil (Bergen). In the school year 2001/2002, 16 985 pupils were enrolled at the schools. The schools vary in size - 3 702 pupils were enrolled at the Luxembourg school, 677 at Mol (Belgium). According to reporter, the schools in Mol and Bergen no longer fulfil the criteria for a sustainable school and ways should be found to either guarantee a smooth and reasonable closure of the schools or else change their sources of income Due to the varying number of parents paying tuition fees, costs differ dramatically from one school to another: it costs about €8 600 to educate a pupil at Brussels II, but around €14 200 at Bergen (Netherlands). This is why the draft resolution recommends that the Board of Governors present, before 1 March 2003, proposals to bring the tuition fee requested from the parents of the pupils, more into line with the real cost per pupil; that tuition fee should, according to the draft resolution ”be at least equal to the allowance which EU officials receive for children in full-time education.” Sheep and