is counted as a Lisbon "element" for an amount of some EUR 5.285 billion in the PDB. The figure for payments amount to EUR 5.048 billion. The amount for commitments in the PDB naturally makes up the final amounts to arrive at the global amounts co-decided for the whole period of the framework programme. What seems contradictory to the focus on the Lisbon strategy is that the Council has introduced reductions of some EUR 429 million in payments. Although the Council Presidency always state that this level is still significantly higher than the 2005 payment level, it constitutes a serious reduction in the Commission's planned payments rhythm and implementation. 6. Trans-European networks (TENs) are counting towards the overall Lisbon figure in the PDB for an amount of some EUR 700 million. This would largely correspond to budget lines 06 03 01 (main TEN line on transport networks) and 06 03 02 (energy networks). In this case, the Council has maintained the PDB. There is a modest increase for transport networks (+ 20 million to a total of 692 million) whereas the energy networks remain at 2005 level with 21.5 million. 7. Linked to the idea of a knowledge-based economy, education and vocational training are counted for an amount of EUR 650 million according to the Commission. This essentially corresponds to all education and training measures under policy area 15, Education and Culture, including the Leonardo and Socrates programmes . There is no increase for Socrates in the PDB and Leonardo is even decreased by 10 million. The Council have maintained the Commission figures. If this is part of the Lisbon strategy, why is it stagnating? The rapporteur thought the Lisbon strategy should be reinforced. In the area of education and culture, the rapporteur has already before highlighted the serious contradiction of arguing for a knowledge based society with great aspirations for the future, while at the same time reducing appropriations for youth. What could be the purpose of a Lisbon strategy if it is not sustainable for future generations and include a strengthened focus on the young people of Europe? 8. The Commission has counted actions for SMEs up to an amount of some EUR 100 million. The rapporteur refers to his initial analysis in the global working document on the PDB where it is noted that financing for Parliament's SME actions are actually reduced compared to 2005. The Council