States to take measures in sectors not harmonised by this Directive, such as health, the protection of the physical, mental or moral wellbeing of minors and public security. 4. By way of derogation, for a period of five years from the transposition of the directive, Member States shall be able to take national measures in the sector harmonised by this directive which are more rigorous or restrictive than those of the directive, and on the basis of the minimum harmonisation clauses contained in existing directives, in sectors harmonised by those directives. These measures must be aimed at ensuring that consumers are adequately protected against unfair commercial practices and must be proportionate to the objective pursued. 5. Member States shall notify the Commission without delay of national measures referred to in paragraph 4. CHAPTER 2 : UNFAIR COMMERCIAL PRACTICES Article 5 Prohibition of unfair commercial practices 1. Unfair commercial practices are prohibited. 2. A commercial practice shall be regarded as unfair if: – it is contrary to the requirements of professional diligence and good faith , and – it materially distorts or is likely to materially distort the economic behaviour with regard to the product of the average consumer whom it reaches or to whom it is addressed, or of the average member of the group when a commercial practice is specifically directed to a particular group of consumers. The need to protect particularly vulnerable consumers must, however, be safeguarded. 3. In particular, commercial practices shall be regarded as unfair within the meaning of paragraph 2 if they a) are misleading, or b) are aggressive as defined below in this Directive. 4. Annex 1 contains an exhaustive list of commercial practices which shall in all circumstances be regarded as unfair. The list shall be amended only by the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty. Section 1: Misleading Commercial Practices Article 6 Misleading actions 1. A commercial practice shall be regarded as misleading if in any way, including overall presentation, it causes or is likely to cause the consumer to take a transactional decision of economic significance, because it deceives or is likely to deceive him in relation to: a) the main characteristics of the product, such as its availability, benefits, risks, execution, composition, accessories, after-sale customer assistance and complaint handling, method and date of manufacture or provision, delivery, fitness for purpose, usage, quantity, specification, geographical or commercial origin