of anionic surfactants to be tested 4.1. Preliminary notes 4.1.1. Treatment of samples The treatment of anionic surface-active agents and formulated detergents prior to the determination of primary biodegradability in the confirmatory test is: Products Treatment Anionic surfactants None Formulated detergents Alcoholic extraction followed by separation of the anionic surfactants by ion exchange The purpose of the alcoholic extraction is to eliminate the insoluble and inorganic ingredients of the commercial product, which in some circumstances might upset the biodegradability test. 4.1.2. Ion-exchange procedure Isolation and separation of anionic surface active agents from soap, non-ionic and cationic surfactants are required for correct biodegradability tests. This is achieved by an ion-exchange technique using a macro-porous exchange resin and suitable eluants for fractional elution. Thus soap, anionic and non-ionic surfactants may be isolated in one procedure. 4.1.3. Analytical control After homogenising, the concentration of anionic surfactants in the synthetic detergent is determined according to the MBAS analytical procedure. The soap content is determined by a suitable analytical method. This analysis of the products is necessary to calculate the quantities required for preparing fractions for the biodegradability test. Quantitative extraction is not necessary; however, at least 80% of the anionic surfactants should be extracted. Usually, 90 % or more is obtained. 4.2. Principle From a homogeneous sample (powders, dried pastes and dried liquids) an ethanol extract is obtained which contains the surfactants, soap and other alcohol-soluble constituents of the synthetic detergent sample. The ethanol extract is evaporated to dryness, dissolved in an isopropanol/water mixture and the solution obtained is passed through a strongly acidic cation exchange/macro-porous anion exchange combination heated to 50 °C. This temperature is necessary to prevent the precipitation of any fatty acids which may be present in acidic media. Any non-ionic surfactants remain in the effluent. Soap fatty acids are separated by extraction with ethanol containing CO 2 . The anionic surfactants are then obtained as ammonium salts, by elution with an aqueous isopropanolic solution of ammonium bicarbonate. These ammonium salts are used for the degradation test. Cationic surfactants that might upset the biodegradability test and the analytical procedure are eliminated by the cation exchanger placed above the anion exchanger. 4.3. Chemicals and equipment 4.3.1. Deionised water 4.3.2. Ethanol, 95% (v/v) C 2 H 5 OH (permissible denaturant: methyl ethyl ketone or methanol) 4.3.3. Isopropanol/water mixture (50/50 v/v): – 50 parts by volume isopropanol, CH 3 CHOH.CH 3 , and –