ethyl acetate, place a measured quantity of the sample, such that it contains between 250-800 µg non-ionic surfactant. To improve the separation add 100 g sodium chloride and 5 g sodium bicarbonate. If the volume of the sample exceeds 500 ml, add these salts to the stripping apparatus in solid form, and dissolve by passing nitrogen or air through. If a smaller-sized sample is used, dissolve the salts in 400 ml water and then add to the stripping apparatus. Add water to bring the level to the upper stopcock. Cautiously add 100 ml ethyl acetate on top of the water. Fill the wash-bottle in the gas-line (nitrogen or air) two-thirds full with ethyl acetate. Pass a gas stream of 30-60 l/h through the apparatus; the use of a flowmeter is recommended. The rate of aeration must be increased gradually at the beginning. The gas rate must be so adjusted that the phases remain noticeably separate to minimise the mixing of the phases and the solution of the ethyl acetate in the water. Stop the gas flow after five minutes. If there is a reduction of more than 20% in the volume of the organic phase through solution in water, the sublation must be repeated paying special attention to the rate of gas flow. Run off the organic phase into a separating funnel. Return any water in the separating funnel from the aqueous phase – it should only be a few ml – to the stripping apparatus. Filter the ethyl acetate phase through a dry qualitative filter paper into a 250 ml beaker. Put a further 100 ml ethyl acetate into the stripping apparatus and again pass nitrogen or air through for five minutes. Draw off the organic phase into the separating funnel used for the first separation, reject the aqueous phase and run the organic phase through the same filter as the first ethyl acetate portion. Rinse both the separating funnel and the filter with about 20 ml ethyl acetate. Evaporate the ethyl acetate extract to dryness using a water-bath (fume cupboard). Direct a gentle stream of air over the surface of the solution to accelerate the evaporation. 3.3.2. Precipitation and filtration Dissolve the dry residue from 3.3.1 in 5 ml methanol, add 40 ml water and 0 , 5 ml dilute HCl (3.2.3) and stir the mixture with a magnetic stirrer. To this solution add 30 ml of precipitating