had to invest in assets or not and, where this is the case, whether these assets are moveable or not. Amendment 12 Recitals 22, 23 and 24 (22) The current situation in the Community ports, with its multitude of authorisation and selection methods and periods, requires that clear transition periods be determined. These transition rules should distinguish between ports where the number of service providers is restricted and those ports where it is not. (22) In view of the multiplicity of existing situations, the variety of authorisations and methods of selecting providers of port services, and in the interests of legal certainty linked to the principle of subsidiarity, an exception should be made in respect of authorisations in effect on the date of entry into force of this Directive until the end of the period laid down in the relevant act, contract or similar document. (23) Where the number of service providers is not restricted, there is no reason to change the existing authorisations, whilst future ones should be granted in accordance with the Directive's rules. (24) Where the number of service providers is restricted, the transitional periods should distinguish between authorisations granted in accordance with a public tender, or an equivalent procedure, or not; between situations where the service provider has made significant investments or not; and where these investments were made in moveable or immovable assets. The interests of legal certainty require that, in each case maximum periods be fixed, whilst leaving national authorities a substantial margin adequately to take into account the specificities of each case. Amendment 13 Recital 27 (27) Member States must ensure an adequate level of social protection for the staff of undertakings providing port services. (27) Member States must ensure an adequate level of social protection for the staff of undertakings providing port services and must guard against a reduction or dispersal of the expertise and skills in each port, should any newcomers enter the market. Amendments 74, 42 and 67 Article 1 1. The objective of this Directive is to create fair and transparent conditions of competition between and in sea ports in the Community. Freedom to provide port services shall apply to Community providers of port services under the provisions set out in this Directive. Providers of port services shall have access to port installations to the extent necessary for them to carry out their activities. 2. Freedom to provide port