Answer given by Mr Kyprianou on behalf of the Commission (21 March 2007) A balanced and varied diet can provide all necessary nutrients for the normal development and the maintenance of a healthy life in quantities which meet those established and recommended by generally acceptable scientific data. However, it is possible that this situation is not achieved by all groups of the population in Europe and therefore consumers may decide to supplement their diet through food supplements. The Parliament and the Council have adopted Directive 2002/46/EC Directive 2002/46/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 10 June 2002 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to food supplements, OJ L 183, 12.7.2002. on food supplements with the aim to ensure that these products are safe and appropriately labelled, so that consumers can make informed choices. The directive provides for the setting of maximum and, as appropriate, minimum amounts for vitamins and minerals by the Commission assisted by the Member States (Regulatory Committee procedure) and lays down the criteria for their setting. Work has already started and in line with the provisions contained in the abovementioned directive, the Commission has launched the exercise which aims to establish maximum permitted amounts of vitamins and minerals. Given the complexity and the importance of the exercise, the first step of this process has been the publication of a discussion paper where the Commission has identified the issues to be considered and requested the input of all interested parties. The consultation closed on 30 September 2006. The Commission is currently analysing the answers received. On the basis of these contributions it is going to evaluate the best way forward for this exercise. Within the context of this procedure, the Commission is carefully considering existing national rules and practices as well as the views of stakeholders. Concerning the dossiers supporting the use of substances not included in the annexes of the directive and for which Member States may allow derogations, the process and timescale for their submission to the Commission in view of their inclusion in these Annexes were set out in the legislative act. A long transitional period, which can go up to the end of 2009, has been foreseen, allowing the maintenance of these substances on national markets until their evaluation by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) is completed. The Commission and EFSA have prepared guidelines for the