addition, MEPs cited problems with the future Paying Agency for agricultural funds and with external trade mechanisms. Cyprus was urged to continue its efforts regarding maritime safety surveillance. Latvia In the case of Latvia, MEPs welcomed the restructuring and reinforcement of the country's administrative capacity and the reform of the judicial administration. They were worried, however, about the persistent high level of corruption. They therefore fully supported the current government's strong commitment to increase the effectiveness of anti-corruption measures and the recent creation of the Corruption Prevention and Combating Bureau. However, MEPs were unhappy with the lack of democratic control of this office, which is under the control of the prime minister. Worrying issues were the length of pre-trial investigations, overcrowded prisons and the low priority given to investigating human trafficking as well as the situation of people who, despite being long-term inhabitants of Latvia, have no clear status due to changes in citizenship legislation, are suffering from poverty and are held without access to free legal aid in the prison-like Olaine detention centre. Latvia should do more to integrate ethnic minorities and ensure bilingual education during school age. This could contribute to the integration of the Russian-speaking minority. Latvia should promote the naturalisation process and envisage the possibility for non-citizens who are long-time inhabitants to take part in local self-government elections. Furthermore, Latvia should ensure full operation of a Paying Agency to carry out EU-funded rural development projects and improve its regional development policy. Unemployment remains very high, especially in rural areas, and the Commission should pay extra attention to the most disadvantaged regions such as Latgale. MEPs voiced disquiet at recent attempts by the Latvian parliament to remove one of Latvia's Observers from the European Parliament. Lithuania Lithuania is in the lead among the ten countries. It has made enormous progress economically, it has reached a high level of alignment with EU legislation in most areas. It also has a satisfactory record on the integration of minorities. But MEPs urged the Lithuanian authorities to further address high and persistent unemployment through active labour market policies. They also stressed the importance of ensuring security at Lithuania's borders and of pursuing the fight against illegal trafficking and organised crime. The Kaliningrad-Lithuania border is especially sensitive, as was shown by the recent corruption case involving some high-ranking customs and border officials. Lithuania is preparing to close and decommission the Ignalina nuclear