Sixty years after the Second World War External relations 2005-09-08 - 18:19 Opening the debate on the 60th anniversary of the end of the Second World War, the President of the European Parliament, Josep BORRELL said: "Sixty years ago the world began to take stock of a horrific event, the after-effects of which would still be felt years later: 60 million soldiers and civilians killed on five continents; the systematic extermination of peoples and minorities; cities and regions reduced to rubble and ashes; public finances in ruins; 30 million displaced persons. As you are aware, the war in the Pacific continued until 14 August and culminated in terrifying images of nuclear annihilation. Europe at that time was a continent destroyed, starving and under threat. On 8 May 1945, certain contemporary political leaders proclaimed that the flags of freedom were flying 'across' Europe. However, the end of the war brought peace and freedom to only one half of the continent; the other half fell victim to the 'new international order' which had been laid down at Yalta. Peace and freedom were not bestowed universally. On that 8 May, many countries saw the geography of Europe redrawn. In 1945 we defeated a totalitarian regime, yet half of Europe was promptly taken over by another one, which proved particularly vice-like and resilient. The world entered an era of bi-polarity and ideological conflict and lived through a nuclear-inspired age of terror. Our continent was rent asunder. Today, 60 years on, we are able within the European Parliament to commemorate jointly a Europe which has both triumphed and rediscovered itself. On 1 May of this year we celebrated the first anniversary of our re-encounter with 10 new countries - which will soon be joined by more. This gives greater significance to today: 9 May (Europe Day) - the date upon which, 55 years ago, foundations were laid which would enable our continent to come to terms with the desolation of war. With the new countries' recent accession to the European Union, those terms have now been met in full.I should like this day - on which we are commemorating three events which are very different in nature but which have a common thread - to be a day of reflection.Today is a fine opportunity for us to remind ourselves (and each other) of our duty to preserve a collective memory - and in doing so