request to be associated with the work of the summit; 2. Endorses the objectives laid down in the political declaration and in the Madrid commitment which are aimed at developing the bi-regional strategic partnership agreed in Rio and should give concrete form to this special relationship, involving a common approach to the major international issues; 3. Takes note in this regard of the views put forward by various delegations and which correspond to Parliament’s own position, expressing support for a bi-regional strategic partnership extending to the whole region, as decided at the Rio summit; 4. Welcomes in particular the summit’s support for the swift establishment and functioning of the International Criminal Court and its rejection of all forms of terrorism as a threat to democratic systems; fully supports the specific reference to violations of human rights and international humanitarian law by illegal groups in Colombia, as well as the mention of the search for a negotiated solution to the conflict and the specific reference to the crisis in Argentina; 5. Endorses the undertakings given in the abovementioned political declaration in the various sectors concerned (political, economic, cultural, education, science and technology, social and human), but at the same time hopes that these objectives will be given genuine substance, enabling them to be implemented rather than merely remaining empty words; 6. Calls therefore on the Council and Commission to ensure that the new objectives and priorities agreed at the Madrid summit are properly reflected in the financial resources made available under the Community budget; 7. Requests the forthcoming EU presidencies to work continuously to ensure that these objectives are pursued and achieved; 8. Welcomes the conclusion of negotiations on the ambitious Association Agreement between the European Union and Chile, as called for by Parliament, supplementing the initial agreement with Mexico, and reiterates its desire for an agreement to be reached with Mercosur as soon as possible; 9. Acknowledges the progress made towards giving the countries of the Andean community and Central America the opportunity to conclude viable association agreements with the EU by the end of 2004 at the latest, including free trade areas, and calls on the Commission to ensure that these commitments are on time; 10. Commends the efforts made by the Commission to contribute to the summit, particularly in the field of culture, education and access to knowledge, 11. Agrees with the rejection of measures of unilateral character