Answer given by Mr Frattini on behalf of the Commission (11 February 2008) Article 18 of the EC Treaty stipulates that every citizen of the Union shall have the right to move and reside freely within the territory of the Member States subject to the limitations and conditions laid down in the Treaty and by the measures adopted to give it effect. The respective limitations and conditions are to be found in Directive 2004/38/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 29 April 2004 on the right of citizens of the Union and their family members to move and reside freely within the territory of the Member States OJ L 158, 30.4.2004. . The conditions attached to the right of residence are laid down in an exhaustive manner in the directive. For periods of residence of up to three months Union citizens and their family members are not submitted to any conditions or formalities other than the requirement to hold a valid identity card or passport. For periods of more than three months Union citizens must be either workers or self-employed or else have sufficient resources for themselves and their family members not to become a burden on the social assistance system of the host Member State during their period of residence and have comprehensive sickness insurance cover. Member States may not lay down a fixed amount which they regard as ‘sufficient resources’ but they must take into account the personal situation of the person concerned. In all cases this amount shall not be higher than the threshold below which nationals of the Member State become eligible for social assistance or, where this criterion is not applicable, higher than the minimum social security pension paid by the host Member State. Individual expulsion can be a consequence of not having sufficient resources and after evaluation of the personal situation of the person concerned. The Commission will consider this issue in the context of the examination of the compatibility with Community law of the Italian legislation transposing Directive 2004/38/EC.