in cases of unsolicited supply, the absence of a response not constituting consent. Article 16 Amendment to Directive 98/27/EC [Injunctions] In the Annex to Directive 98/27/EC the text in point 1 shall be replaced by the following: 1. Directive 2004/.../EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of …… concerning unfair commercial practices affecting consumers in the internal market (OJ L, xx p. ) Article 17 Information Member States shall take appropriate measures to inform the consumer of the national law transposing this Directive and shall encourage, where appropriate, traders, professional organizations and code owners to inform consumers of their codes of conduct. Article 18 Revision 1. The Commission shall report regularly to the European Parliament and the Council on the application of this Directive in the Member States and shall put forward, every five years, a proposal for a revised list of commercial practices which are in all circumstances considered unfair, as contained in Annex I to this Directive. 2. The Commission shall no later than four years after the transposition of this Directive submit to the European Parliament and the Council a comprehensive report on the application of the Directive, in particular of Article 4, accompanied, if necessary, by a proposal to revise Article 4. 3. The European Parliament and the Council shall, on this basis, re-examine the provision of Article 4 and shall act, in accordance with the Treaty, within two years of the presentation by the Commission of the proposal referred to in paragraph 2. Article 19 Transposition Member States shall adopt and publish the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by [...] * 18 months after the entry into force of this Directive. . They shall forthwith inform the Commission thereof and inform the Commission of any subsequent amendments without delay. They shall apply these provisions by [ ] * Two years after the entry into force of this Directive. . When Member States adopt these provisions, they shall contain a reference to this Directive or be accompanied by such a reference on the occasion of their official publication. Member States shall determine how such reference is to be made. Article 20 Entry into force This Directive shall enter into force on the [...] day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . Article 21 Addressees This Directive is addressed to the Member