Amendment 5 Proposal for a regulation Article 82 – paragraph 6 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 6a. Member States shall ensure that operators found guilty of seriously infringing the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy are excluded from benefitting from the European Fisheries Fund, Fisheries Partnership Agreements or other public aid. The sanctions provided for in this Chapter shall be accompanied by other sanctions or measures, in particular the repayment of public assistance or subsidies received by IUU vessels during the financing period. Justification According to article 45 paragraph 7 of Regulation 1005/2008 of the European Council where a temporary or permanent banning from benefitting of public or community aid is foreseen as a possible sanction to be applied, making public funding conditional upon compliance will provide an incentive for operators to comply with the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy and will contribute to establishing a level playing field as well as ensuring that public aid is not supporting illegal activities. IUU vessels should not receive taxpayers' money and vessels that received taxpayers' money during the operational programme period should repay that money. Amendment 6 Proposal for a regulation Article 85 – paragraph 3 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3a. Information on the fishing vessels and persons in question shall be made available to the public. Justification Many Member States restrict detail and information on the extent and name of IUU fisheries in their waters. Amendment 7 Proposal for a regulation Article 87 – paragraph 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1a. The Commission shall establish performance indicators and financial incentives as the basis for a reward system for those Member States which fully comply with rules on conservation, control and enforcement under the Common Fisheries Policy. Justification Measures could be provided to reward those Member States with effective control systems by providing them with preferential access to resources. Community financial contribution directed to Member States’ fisheries control programmes could be used to reward Member States with effective control systems. PROCEDURE Title Community control system for ensuring compliance with the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy References COM(2008)0721 – C6-0510/2008 – 2008/0216(CNS) Committee responsible PECH Opinion by Date announced in plenary ENVI 18.12.2008 Drafts(wo)man Date appointed Roberto Musacchio 10.12.2008 Discussed in committee 22.1.2009 Date adopted 17.2.2009 Result of final vote +: –: 0: 45 2 1 Members present for the