new environment-friendly inventions must always be eligible for State aid. Amendment 10 Recital 13 a (new) (13a) Putting a sustainable transport system in place implies the introduction of a proactive modal shift policy, displacing road transport towards rail, sea or inland waterway transport. Amendment 11 Recital 14 (14) With regard to the transport of goods, aid schemes which provide for such measures in connection with the use of infrastructure and which do not disproportionately hamper the attainment of other Community objectives, should be supported. Accordingly Member States should be required to demonstrate with a reasonable degree of transparency that such schemes compensate for specific incremental unpaid costs of competing modes of transport and they should be limited in time. However, until internalisation of specific unpaid external and infrastructure costs is achieved within or across land transport modes, any such State scheme authorised by the Commission may in principle be renewed . With regard to passenger transport this issue can be taken into account when transport operators apply for exclusive rights or financial compensation in accordance with Community legislation and in particular, Council Regulation (EEC) 1191/69. (14) With regard to the transport of goods, aid schemes which provide for such measures in connection with the use of infrastructure and which do not disproportionately hamper the attainment of other Community objectives, should be supported. Accordingly Member States should be required to demonstrate objectively that such schemes compensate for specific unpaid costs of competing modes of transport and they should be limited in time. However, if internalisation of specific unpaid external and infrastructure costs has been achieved within or across land transport modes, any such State scheme authorised by the Commission should be ended immediately . In order to prevent distortion owing to differing interpretations of such costs, the Commission should lay down the basic criteria for such schemes. With regard to passenger transport this issue can be taken into account when transport operators apply for exclusive rights or financial compensation in accordance with Community legislation and in particular, Regulation (EEC) No 1191/69. Amendment 12 Recital 14 a (new) (14a) With regard to the transport of goods, aid for the operation of combined transport should be authorised, in accordance with the Treaty, and exempt from any obligation to give prior notification. Amendment 13 Recital 16 (16) Aid granted under this Regulation is notifiable in accordance with Article 87(3) EC Treaty and Council Regulation