Answer given by Mr Špidla on behalf of the Commission (22 September 2008) In accordance with Article 69 of Regulation (EC) No 1083/2006 Council Regulation (EC) No 1083/2006 of 11 July 2006 laying down general provisions on the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund and the Cohesion Fund, OJ L 210, 31.7.2006. , the Member State and the managing authority for the operational programme are to provide information on and publicise operations and co-financed programmes. The information is to be addressed to European Union citizens and beneficiaries with the aim of highlighting the role of the Community and ensuring that assistance from the Funds is transparent. The managing authority for the operational programme is responsible for publicity in accordance with the regulation's implementing rules. The advertisement referred to by the Honourable Member was placed in various German newspapers by the Federal Ministry for Employment and Social Affairs in accordance with Member State obligations on publicity and is in line with the communication Plan for the Federal German Programme. The Commission is aware of the advertisement in question, which is targeted at the general public. A recent Eurobarometer survey shows that only 31 % of the public in Germany have ever heard of the European Social Fund (ESF). There is also a great difference between the eastern and the western Länder. Like the Commission, Germany wants to foster greater general knowledge of the ESF. The advertisement in question is placed in print media with a large, popular readership to which it was designed to appeal. It gives concise, accurate information about ESF funding in Germany and the anticipated use of the funds. The eye-catcher shows the main message, which is that the EU grants EUR 9 billion, while the answer to whom it allocates the funds is given in smaller characters. The Honourable Member's question quotes a short extract only and not the full text, which reads: ‘Over the next six years Germany will be receiving EUR 9 billion in total from the EU treasury to get people into employment or give them further training. Those benefiting are the unemployed, apprentices, migrants, people with disabilities, employees and those starting up in business. Europe is social. This is to inform all those who think Europe is just about paying into. Learn more at www.esf.de.’ The advertisement is therefore also targeted at euroscepticism in Germany. The advertisement is part of communication