{ "context": [ [ "The Merchants of Bollywood", [ "The Merchants of Bollywood is an Australian musical written and directed by Toby Gough.", " The show is about the history of the Bollywood film industry, and it is named after Hiralalji Merchant and his grand daughter Vaibhavi Merchant, two notable Indian choreographers.", " The set and lighting design was by Liz Berry and the costumes were designed by Falguni Thakore and Bipin.", " The musical has been described as \"an Indian version of the Billy Elliot story\" and is choreographed by Vaibhavi Merchant.", " It was the first ever Bollywood production to tour straight from Film City in Mumbai.", " When the show reached Australia in February 2008, there had been 400 performances seen by 500,000 patrons.", " The show toured the United Kingdom, various parts of Europe, the United States, Australia, Canada and various parts of Asia." ] ], [ "Interchange Plus", [ "Interchange Plus is the common name for a pricing structure for accepting credit card transactions by merchants.", " The Interchange fee is an important factor in determining the actual cost of accepting credit cards.", " Interchange pricing is what the Visa and MasterCard associations along with credit card issuing banks charge merchant account providers to process credit and debit card transactions.", " Merchant Account providers then charge a markup on interchange known as interchange plus pricing to process the transaction and provide customer service to the merchant accepting the credit or debit card payment.", " Interchange Plus pricing is known as the most honest and transparent form of pricing for merchants looking to accept credit cards.", " There are a lot of credit card processing companies that only offer interchange plus pricing." ] ], [ "Tanners (company)", [ "Tanners Wines Ltd (also known as \"Tanners Wine Merchants\" or simply \"Tanners\") is a family-owned independent wine merchants company based in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England.", " In recent years Tanners has won many important national awards and accolades, acknowledging the firm as one of the most highly regarded wine merchants in the UK." ] ], [ "W. W. Orr Building", [ "The W. W. Orr Building (also known as W. W. Orr Medical Building and W. W. Orr Doctors' Building) is a landmark building at 478 Peachtree Street NE in SoNo, Atlanta.", " The Art Deco style building was designed by architect Francis Palmer Smith of the firm of