they can count on Parliament and, in particular, on the Petitions Committee, to solve this problem". Mr Diamandouros stressed that "co-operation with the Petitions Committee has been extremely fruitful and important for me", adding that "I will be more likely to succeed in my duties if I keep the support of this committee". Mr Monette replied that "co-operation between the European Ombudsman and the Petitions Committee is much better than in many national cases", although more efforts are needed to avoid overlapping mandates and duplication of work. How to improve transparency? Victor Boştinaru (S-D, RO) quizzed candidates on the measures they plan to take to promote transparency in EU institutions. Mr Bottoli confirmed that access to public documents will be one of his priorities if elected and pointed out that "the European Ombudsman has the right to ask for access to any EU document, without breaching its confidentiality". Mr Diamandouros stressed that the Lisbon Treaty provisions will push the Council to become a more transparent institution. "Co-operation between institutions and awareness are the keys to improving transparency", he added, suggesting that for an ombudsman, transparency should be the main priority. Better communicating the Ombudsman's activities Diana Wallis (ALDE, UK) asked about the number of institutions which European citizens may approach to lodge a complaint, "which can be confusing". Mr Bottoli replied that "the Ombudsman's service is free of charge and fast and citizens should know about it". Therefore, "the Ombudsman needs to ensure that all citizens are aware of the existence of this institution and its competences". Mr Diamandouros replied that "we have been working on an interactive guide to help citizens know which institution to address". He also said that "we have been co-operating with Europe Direct" on this subject. Mr Monette proposed several ways to improve people's awareness of the Ombudsman's office, such as promoting the contacts with the media, organising conferences and seminars and establishing a "decentralised network of European Ombudsman representatives in all Member States". Background The Ombudsman is elected by the European Parliament by secret ballot at the start of each parliamentary term. The next Ombudsman will be elected in January 2010. With the Lisbon Treaty, in force as of 1 December 2009, the European Parliament has important new lawmaking powers. Virtually all EU legislation is now decided by the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers together - including agriculture, immigration, energy and the