Answer given by Mr Andor on behalf of the Commission (24 August 2011) Article 9 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union requires the Union to take into account requirements linked to the promotion of a high level of employment, the guarantee of adequate social protection, the fight against social exclusion, and a high level of education, training and protection of human health in defining and implementing its policies and activities. The Commission implements this ‘social mainstreaming clause’ in particular by stepping up assessments of the social impact of all its initiatives. Guidance for such assessments has been prepared and made available to all Commission departments See ‘Guidance for assessing Social Impacts within the Commission Impact Assessment System’ at http://ec.europa.eu/social/BlobServlet?docId=4215&langId=en . National reform measures are not subject to social impact assessments by the Commission as their design is the responsibility of the Member States, which also have responsibility for reducing any negative social impact of such measures to a minimum. In connection with the Europe 2020 strategy, the Commission has reminded the Member States of the need to make good their commitments regarding all headline targets, including that for reducing poverty and social exclusion. Wherever relevant, the Country-Specific Recommendations http://ec.europa.eu/europe2020/tools/monitoring/recommendations_2011/index_en.htm refer to the link between structural reform and reducing poverty. The Commission will continue to monitor developments in this area in close cooperation with the Member States. The European Platform against Poverty and Social Exclusion establishes a European framework for supporting the Member States in their efforts to meet the Europe 2020 headline target for reducing the number of people living in poverty or social exclusion by at least 20 million by 2020. The Platform seeks to tackle the challenge in particular by helping EU Member States to find smart and cost-effective ways of modernising social policy through evidence-based approaches to social innovation and reform, by encouraging the development of social enterprises and by making social protection policy and services more effective and responsive to emerging social needs. The Platform’s first Annual Convention, to be held in Cracow on 17 and 18 October, will seek to: (1) take stock of progress the Member States have made towards meeting the poverty reduction target; (2) review the implementation of the Platform; and (3) provide suggestions for future action. It will be a landmark event in terms of stepping up cooperation between the EU institutions, the Member States and civil