08.07.2003 Giorgio CALÒ ( ELDR, I)) - 03.09.2003 Citizens' Rights Concern over prisons, human trafficking and discrimination in EU Fodé SYLLA (EUL/NGL, F) Report on the situation as regards fundamental rights in the European Union (2002) (2002/2013(INI)) Doc.: A5-0281/2003 Procedure : Own-initiative Debate : 03.09.2003 Vote: 04.09.2003 The Parliament adopted its annual report on fundamental rights in the EU, covering the year 2002. The report focuses on conditions of arrest and detention, protection of personal data, the right of asylum and media concentration. It argues that the situation in 2002 gave cause for concern in many respects and even seems to have deteriorated in some ways. Terrorism MEPs condemn all forms of terrorism and point out that policies on the prevention and punishment of terrorism must seek to maintain the rule of law. They favour the adoption of "a European compensation instrument" for the victims of terrorism . Prisons The House notes that the situation of prisoners deteriorated in certain Member States in 2002, mainly as a result of overcrowding in prisons. Minimum standards should be guaranteed for the health and living conditions of prisoners and detention procedures should be examined to ensure that human rights are not violated. Drug addicts in prisons should have access to medical treatment and the necessary substitution therapies without discrimination. Trafficking in human beings The Parliament wants to establish a European database focusing on disappeared persons who are believed to be victims of human trafficking. It calls for more effective judicial protection of victims through the adoption of the directive on short-term residence permits for victims of trafficking who co-operate with the authorities. Data protection The report expresses concern at the agreements being negotiated involving the forwarding of personal data between the EU and USA. There is particular concern at the US requirement for airlines to provide access to passenger data on transatlantic flights. MEPs want this suspended until the level of data protection guaranteed by Community law is ensured. Media concentration MEPs point out that no legislative solution has been found to the problem of media concentration in the EU. They deplore the situation in Italy, where media power is concentrated in the hands of the Prime Minister. They call on the Commission to guarantee that public and private media provide citizens with accurate information, avoiding discrimination and guaranteeing access to a variety of groups and opinions. Asylum MEPs condemn the delays in