by isolating the aggressors. In this circumstance tail docking may be carried out provided that: - the docking is performed under anaesthetic and additional prolonged analgesia by a veterinarian, and - as soon as practicable after docking, the farmer adopts improved conditions and management designed to prevent future outbreaks of tail-biting. The necessary improvements in conditions and management must be discussed and agreed with the competent national authority.” Amendment 27 ARTICLE 1, POINT 1b (new) Article 5 (Directive 91/630/EEC ) 1b. Article 5 is replaced by the following: “Article 5 The provisions of the Annex may be amended in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 10, in order to take account of scientific progress and of experiments conducted on samples of farms which are representative of all the EU countries. However, if the new provisions of the Annex substantially amend the content of the Directive and/or have a significant impact on the economic balance of farms or the way in which their work is organised, the planned amendments to the rules must be based on Article 37 of the Treaty” Amendment 28 ARTICLE 1, POINT 2 Article 5a, paragraph 1 (Directive 91/630/EEC ) 1. Any person attending to the animals has received instructions and guidance on the provisions of Articles 1, 2 and 3 of the Annex to the Directive and understands those provisions. 1. Any person attending to the animals shall have received instructions and guidance at a training course approved by the competent authority on the provisions of Articles 1, 2 and 3 and of the Annex to the Directive and on how properly to handle and, where necessary, care for pigs. Alternatively, instead of attending a training course, a person may rely on previous practical experience provided that before 1 July 2003 his understanding of the above provisions and his competence to handle and care for pigs has been assessed as satisfactory by an independent assessor approved by the competent authority. Amendment 29 ARTICLE 1, POINT 2 Article 5a, paragraph 2 (Directive 91/630/EEC ) 2. Member States shall ensure that appropriate training courses are available. In particular such training courses must focus on welfare aspects. 2. Member States shall ensure that appropriate training courses by competent training bodies are available for stockmen and vets . In particular such training courses must focus on welfare aspects. The three year agricultural training course shall also satisfy the