to all parties to contribute towards peace and democracy in Kosovo, including the establishment of a legitimate government and full respect for the rule of law, human rights and minority rights; 8. Calls on all parties concerned to make full use of the possibilities offered by the Stability Pact for South-Eastern Europe and to transform the promising basis laid down at the Cologne Summit into reality, respecting their individual financial, political and moral commitments, and insists that the people of the FRY be allowed to embrace democracy and respect for human rights; 9. Hails the recent thaw in relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh, the disputed Armenian enclave inside Azerbaijan, and encourages the OSCE to play a more significant role in the search for a solution; hopes that conflicting oil interests will not further complicate the security situation; 10. Insists on the need for further efforts by all parties concerned to reach a final settlement for the Trans-Dniestrian conflict, e.g. the full withdrawal of Russian troops from Moldova by the end of 2002, the willingness of the Republic of Moldova assisted by the OSCE to facilitate the settlement process and to dismantle two of its four bases in Georgia by mid-2001; 11. Praises the work done by the OSCE representation in Belarus in promoting democratic institutions and compliance with OSCE commitments, thus facilitating a resolution of the constitutional controversy in the country; stresses that only a genuine political dialogue in Belarus can pave the way for free and democratic elections and offers its help to foster such a dialogue, which would include opposition politicians who have gone into exile; 12. Calls on the OSCE to invite the EU High Representative for the CFSP and the EU Commissioner for External Relations to relevant meetings of the OSCE Permanent Council in order to enhance the convergence and coherence of OSCE and EU operations and facilitate the development of common projects; 13. Calls upon the OSCE members to reconcile aspirations with financial resources; 14. Fully supports the ongoing activities of the OSCE Commissioner for minorities and welcomes the extension of his mandate; 15. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council, the Commission, the Secretary-General of the OSCE and the Secretary-General of the United Nations.