a report on exemptions granted pursuant to paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 . 7. Member States shall inform the Commission of exemptions of different types of services granted pursuant to paragraph 4 within three months from the date of application of this Regulation . The Commission shall take appropriate action if such an exemption is deemed not to be in accordance with the provisions of this Article. By …, the Commission shall submit to the European Parliament and the Council a report on exemptions granted pursuant to paragraph 4 . Justification It is important that exemptions are notified to the Commission before the date of application of the Regulation. Amendment 18 Council position – amending act Article 2 - paragraph 8 Council position Amendment 8. Nothing in this Regulation shall be understood as constituting technical requirements imposing obligations on carriers or terminal managing bodies to modify or replace buses or coaches or infrastructure or equipment at bus stops and terminals. 8. Nothing in this Regulation shall be understood as conflicting with existing legislation on technical requirements for buses or coaches or infrastructure or equipment at bus stops and terminals. Justification This Regulation does not aim at imposing any new obligations on operators as regards accessibility of vehicles and infrastructures to PRMs. Nevertheless, existing EU legislation in this field cannot be disregarded, notably Directive 2001/85/EC. Amendment 19 Council position – amending act Article 2 - paragraph 8 Council position Amendment (8). Nothing in this Regulation shall be understood as constituting technical requirements imposing obligations on carriers or terminal managing bodies to modify or replace buses or coaches or infrastructure or equipment at bus stops and terminals. (8). Nothing in this Regulation shall be understood as constituting technical requirements imposing obligations on carriers or terminal managing bodies to modify or replace buses or coaches or infrastructure at bus stops and terminals. Amendment 20 Council position – amending act Article 3 - point g Council position Amendment (g) "carrier" means a natural or legal person, other than a tour operator or ticket vendor , offering regular or occasional services to the general public; (g) "carrier" means a natural or legal person, other than a tour operator , travel agent or ticket vendor , offering regular or occasional services to the general public; Justification The definition of carrier should be different from that of travel agent. Amendment 21 Council position – amending act Article