Reply (14 January 2008) 1. As a general rule, the Council is not informed of the details of individual operations to be undertaken under Regulation (EC) No 2007/2004 establishing a European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union or of the financing of such operations. However, the Council can inform the Honourable Member that Frontex’s budget has been considerably increased and that its annual budget for 2007 totals approximately EUR 42 million. 2. The conclusion of memoranda of understanding is a matter between Frontex and the Member States. The Council has been informed that a considerable number of memoranda of understanding have already been concluded. 3. Following the discussions on the situation at the EU's southern maritime borders at the Council meeting on 12 and 13 June 2007, Council conclusions were adopted on 18 September 2007 on further reinforcing the EU's southern maritime borders. These conclusions are in two parts. The first part mainly involves proper implementation and utilisation of existing possibilities. In particular, Member States are encouraged to provide support to each other on a bilateral basis. Frontex joint operations should run for longer periods than has been the case so far and should have the necessary financial resources and more input from Member States. Cooperation with third countries and with international organisations are of great importance. The second part concerns possible further measures. The Commission is invited to report back to the Council on these issues as soon as possible. The proposals by Malta will be further examined by the Commission in that context. 4. With respect to its readmission policy, the draft readmission agreements with Morocco, Algeria and Turkey, for which the Commission was granted negotiating briefs by the Council, are still being negotiated. The question of readmission has also been raised in the framework of the EuroMed Ministerial Meeting on migration which took place in Portugal on 18 and19 November. It was the first Ministerial Meeting in the EuroMed framework entirely devoted to migration and migration-related issues.