of audit and evaluations findings, the Administrative Board, to whom the Director is accountable, should explicitly be entrusted with their monitoring in line with the recommendation of the Interinstitutional Working Group on Agencies. Amendment 61 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 3 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 11 – paragraph 1 – subparagraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3a) Article 11, paragraph 1, subparagraph 2 shall be amended as follows: Board members shall be appointed on the basis of their degree of relevant experience and expertise in the field of maritime safety, security and response to marine pollution. They shall also have experience and expertise in general financial management, administration and personnel management. Amendment 62 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 3 b (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 11 – paragraph 1 – subparagraph 2 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3 b ) in Article 11, a new paragraph 1, subparagraph 2 a shall be inserted as follows : Members of the Administrative Board shall make a written declaration of commitments and a written declaration indicating any direct or indirect interest which might be considered prejudicial to their independence. They shall declare at each meeting any interest which might be considered prejudicial to their independence in relation to the items on the agenda and abstain from participating in the discussions and voting on these items . Justification There should be a provision aimed at preventing any conflict of interest. Amendment 63 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 3 c (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 11 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3 c Article 11, paragraph 3 is replaced by the following: 3. The duration of the term of office shall be four years. The term of office may be renewed once. Justification The duration of the mandate of the Administrative Board members should be aligned with that of other agencies in accordance with the recommendation of the Interinstitutional Working Group on Agencies. Amendment 64 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 3 d Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 11 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3 d ) Article 11, paragraph 4 shall be amended as follows: When appropriate, the participation of representatives of third countries and the conditions thereof shall be established in the arrangements referred