negotiations on adaptation of the Interinstitutional Agreement on better law-making to the new provisions introduced by the Lisbon Treaty, taking into account current practices and this Framework Agreement. They also agree on the need to reinforce the existing inter-institutional contact mechanism, at political and at technical level, in relation to better law-making, so as to ensure effective inter-institutional cooperation between Parliament, the Commission and the Council. 53. The Commission commits to initiate rapidly the Union's annual and multiannual programming with a view to achieving inter-institutional agreements, in accordance with Article 17 TEU. The Commission Work Programme is the Commission's contribution to the Union's annual and multiannual programming. Following its adoption by the Commission, a trilogue between Parliament, the Council and the Commission should take place with a view to reaching an agreement on the Union's programming. In this context and as soon as Parliament, the Council and the Commission have reached a common understanding on the Union's programming, the two Institutions shall review the provisions of this Framework Agreement related to programming. Parliament and the Commission call on the Council to engage as soon as possible in discussions on the Union's programming as provided for in Article 17 TEU. 54. The practical implementation of this Framework Agreement and its Annexes shall be assessed periodically by the two Institutions. A review shall be carried out by the end of 2011, in the light of practical experience. Annex 1 : Commission meetings with national experts This Annex lays down the modalities for implementation of point 15 of the Framework Agreement. 1. Scope The provisions of point 15 of the Framework Agreement concern the following meetings: (1) Commission meetings taking place within the framework of expert groups established by the Commission to which national authorities from all Member States are invited, where they concern the preparation and implementation of Union legislation, including soft law and delegated acts; (2) ad hoc Commission meetings to which national experts from all Member States are invited, where they concern the preparation and implementation of Union legislation, including soft law and delegated acts. Meetings of comitology committees are excluded, without prejudice to existing and future specific arrangements concerning the provision to Parliament of information concerning the exercise of the Commission's implementing powers The information to be provided to Parliament on the work of comitology committees and Parliament's prerogatives in the operation of comitology procedures are clearly defined in