Answer given by Mr Frattini on behalf of the Commission (28 June 2007) The Commission shares the concern of the Honourable Member related to the situation of children in Romania. According to independent national data, 2 580 children were abandoned in hospitals in 2005. In the context of Romania's efforts to comply with the Copenhagen criteria for EU membership, child protection policy has undergone significant change in recent years. According to the information available to the Commission, reforms have focused on staff training, decentralisation of service provision, establishment of cooperation structures between local authorities and non-governmental organisations active in the field of children protection, social integration of street children and children leaving institutional care. Recent results include the establishment of 88 alternative child protections services, of 45 day centres by local authorities following the closure of 36 childcare institutions, and of 47 centres for social assistance and child protection throughout Romania. In addition, Romania is currently implementing programmes to develop community social services for children and families in order prevent separation of children from their family and promote family (re)integration. The Commission encourages exchange of good practice and policy coordination through the Open Method of Coordination in the field of social protection and social inclusion. The 2007 Joint Report on Social Protection and Social Inclusion COM(2007)13 final. shows that Member States have responded to the request of the European Council of March 2006 to take measures to eradicate child poverty and give equal opportunities to all children. More specifically, in the context of the new programming cycle for the 2007‑13 Structural Funds, one of the main aims of the European Social Funds (ESF) to promote social integration and equal opportunities for everybody. One priority of the Human Resources Development Operational Programme for Romania currently being negotiated is to promote the inclusion of vulnerable groups (including vulnerable children). Unicef has relations with countries having ratified the Convention on the rights of the child, in a way that allow it to comment on progress — or lack of progress — made by these countries. The Commission is not in a position to comment on this working relationship.