language(s) of that country is displayed at the check-in area, in letters at least 1cm high, in a manner clearly visible to passenger: “If you are denied boarding or if your flight is cancelled or delayed for at least two hours, ask at the check-in counter or boarding gate for the text stating your rights, particularly with regard to compensation and assistance”. Justification Reinstatement of an amendment adopted by the Parliament in its response to the 1998 revised Denied Board Regulation proposal (A4 0240/1998). Amendment 21 Article 14 (2) 2. An air carrier or tour operator denying boarding or cancelling a flight shall provide each passenger affected with a written notice setting out the rules for compensation and assistance in line with the provisions of this Regulation. It shall also provide each passenger affected by a delay of at least two hours with an equivalent notice. 2. An air carrier or tour operator denying boarding or cancelling a flight shall provide each passenger affected with a written notice setting out the rules for compensation and assistance in line with the provisions of this Regulation. It shall also provide each passenger affected by a delay of at least two hours with an equivalent notice. The contact details of the national competent authority as stipulated in Article 18 shall also be given to the passenger in written form. Justification The passenger must also receive information on how to contact the national competent authority responsible for dealing with any complaints about the Regulation's provisions. Amendment 22 Article 15 Obligations vis-à-vis passengers pursuant to this Regulation may not be limited or waived, notably by a derogation or restrictive clause in the contract of carriage. Obligations vis-à-vis passengers pursuant to this Regulation may not be limited or waived, notably by a derogation or restrictive clause in the contract of carriage. If, nevertheless, such a derogation or restrictive clause is applied in respect of a passenger, and the latter has accepted compensation which is inferior to that provided for in this Regulation, the passenger shall still be entitled to take the necessary legal action in the competent courts in order to obtain additional compensation. In cases where passengers receive no compensation and in the case described above, passengers shall be awarded compensation for all the costs they have incurred, including legal advisers' fees, if the competent authority deems that the compensation provided for pursuant to the