final report shall also be submitted within three months of the completion of the project. Justification The reports should be submitted to the body responsible for funding. Amendment 21 Article 12, paragraph 2 2. Without prejudice to the audits carried out by the Court of Auditors in liaison with the competent national audit bodies or departments pursuant to Article 248 of the Treaty, or any inspection carried out pursuant to Article 279(1)(b) of the Treaty, officials and other staff of the Commission shall carry out on-the-spot checks, including sample checks, on projects financed under LIFE+, in particular to check compliance with the eligibility criteria set out in Article 3. 2. Without prejudice to the audits carried out by the Court of Auditors in liaison with the competent national audit bodies or departments pursuant to Article 248 of the Treaty, or any inspection carried out pursuant to Article 279(1)(b) of the Treaty, officials and other staff of the Commission shall carry out on-the-spot checks, including sample checks, on projects financed under LIFE+, in particular to check compliance with the eligibility criteria set out in Article 3, and assess their contribution to EU policy objectives. Justification The Commission on the spot checks should verify and assess the achievement of EU policy objectives as well as financial procedures. Amendment 22 Article 14, paragraph 2a (new) 2a. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Articles 5a and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC as amended by the Council Decision of 17 July 2006 (2006/512/EC) shall apply. Justification Following the introduction of the new comitology provisions (Council Decision of 17 July 2006), it is necessary to adapt pending legislation. This amendment introduces the new "regulatory procedure with scrutiny" to LIFE+. Amendment 23 Article 15, paragraph 1 1. The following implementing decisions shall be taken in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 14(2): 1. The following implementing decisions shall be taken in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 14(2): (a) to adopt and, if necessary, to amend multi ‑annual strategic programmes drawn up in accordance with Article 6(1); (b) to adopt and, if necessary, to amend national annual work programmes based on drafts that Member States have submitted in accordance with Article 6(3); (b) to adopt and, if necessary, to amend national annual work programmes based on drafts that Member States have submitted in accordance with Article 6(3); (c) to add measures to Annex