seriously and that they have been incorporated into the revised version of the draft text on which Parliament is now, as required, being reconsulted. However, your rapporteur is also highly aware of the way in which the tragic events of 11 September 2001 have influenced the change in political thinking which is reflected in the profound changes which have been made to the original initiative. The close parallels (save for the differences stemming from the fact that they serve different purposes) between the proposal under consideration here and the framework decision on a European arrest warrant should also be noted, as should the fact that the draft text constitutes a decisive step towards the creation of a European judicial area. For the first time in the history of the European Union and, indeed, in the history of the human race, a group of countries is going to agree to the full mutual recognition of all the legal effects of certain court decisions in criminal matters which, once issued by the judicial authorities of one Member State, will be automatically accepted and executed by the authorities of another Member State. Your rapporteur considers the substance of the draft Council framework decision to be nothing less than revolutionary by comparison with the traditional system and to open major prospects which were inconceivable until very recently. It constitutes a further step forward in the integration of the European Union in so far as it will make that Union a safer and fairer place. 2. The amendments Your rapporteur welcomes the substance of the revised proposal in so far as it represents a significant improvement (in both form and content) over the earlier initiative. However, your rapporteur still regards it as timid and inadequate in scope, for which reason he feels that some amendments need to be tabled to it. Amendments 1, 2, 4, 5, 7 and 8 are tabled in order to make technical improvements to the text. Amendments 3, 6 and 9, part of amendment 4 and part of amendment 7 are intended to ensure that all decisions relating to the freezing measures provided for in the initiative are taken exclusively by the judicial authorities of either the issuing State or the executing State and in the framework of criminal proceedings. Amendments 11, 12, 13, 14 and 18 are aimed directly at the heart of the initiative, namely its scope. Your rapporteur