Answer given by Mr Barroso on behalf of the Commission (9 February 2010) On 26 January 2010 the Register of expert groups (http://ec.europa.eu/transparency/regexpert/index.cfm) included 1 013 groups; 223 of these groups are formal, i.e. established by EU institutions through formal acts, mainly Commission decisions, while 790 are informal, i.e. created at the level of the responsible Commission department. In addition, on the same day there were 92 so-called ‘on-hold’ groups, i.e. groups which are not currently active and, thus, not included in the Register. These figures are not static; they vary according to the removal of existing groups and the creation of new ones. The disclosure of membership of existing expert groups in the Register was completed in January 2009. During the time frame indicated by the Honourable Member — October 2008/December 2009 — no group was created and thus included in the Register, without membership being made available. This continues to apply to all new groups. By publishing the names of members of all groups, the Commission has gone beyond its own commitment to publish the names of formal groups' members only, as stated in the framework for expert groups adopted in 2005 Framework for Commission's expert groups: horizontal rules and public register. C(2005)2817 of 27.7.2005. . The Commission stresses that very often it is not individuals who are members of expert groups, but Member States' administrations or organisations. In such cases, it is the name of the Member States or of the organisations that has to be published in the Register, and not the name of individuals attending meetings, as they are not actual members, but simply members' representatives who may vary according to the agenda. In addition to the name of members, the Register includes other valuable information on individual expert groups, such as their mission, tasks and policy areas concerned, thus providing a transparent overview of each of them. The agenda of expert groups' meetings are not published in the Register, but in many cases a link is provided to dedicated web pages, which include detailed information on the activities carried out by expert groups. Furthermore, any natural or legal person may request Commission departments to have access to agendas under the public access rules laid down in Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2001 regarding public access to European Parliament, Council and