this Annex. Parliament undertakes to adopt as soon as possible its future security arrangements and to verify those arrangements by common accord with the Commission, with a view to establishing equivalence of security standards. This will give effect to this Annex with regard to: - technical security provisions and standards regarding the handling and storage of confidential information, including security measures in the field of physical, personnel, document and IT security; - the establishment of a specially established oversight committee, composed of appropriately cleared Members for the handling of EUCI classified as “TRÈS SECRET UE/EU TOP SECRET". 4.2. Parliament and the Commission will review this Annex and, where necessary, adapt it, no later than at the time of the review referred to in point 54 of the Framework Agreement, in light of developments concerning: - future security arrangements involving Parliament and the Commission; - other agreements or legal acts relevant for the forwarding of information between the Institutions. Annex 3 : Negotiation and conclusion of international agreements This Annex lays down detailed arrangements for the provision of information to Parliament concerning the negotiation and conclusion of international agreements as referred to in points 23, 24 and 25 of the Framework Agreement: 1. The Commission shall inform Parliament about its intention to propose the start of negotiations at the same time as it informs the Council. 2. In line with the provisions of point 24 of the Framework Agreement, when the Commission proposes draft negotiating directives with a view to their adoption by the Council, it shall at the same time present them to Parliament. 3. The Commission shall take due account of Parliament's comments throughout the negotiations. 4. In line with the provisions of point 23 of the Framework Agreement, the Commission shall keep Parliament regularly and promptly informed about the conduct of negotiations until the agreement is initialled, and explain whether and how Parliament's comments were incorporated in the texts under negotiation and if not why. 5. In the case of international agreements the conclusion of which requires Parliament's consent, the Commission shall provide to Parliament during the negotiation process all relevant information that it also provides to the Council (or to the special committee appointed by the Council). This shall include draft amendments to adopted negotiating directives, draft negotiating texts, agreed articles, the agreed date for initialling the agreement and the text of the agreement to be initialled.