to resolving the crisis, whereas the SADC meeting on 13 April is an important step in this direction, calling for the immediate publication of results; regrets Mugabe's decision to not be part of the meeting, Q. whereas the Zimbabwe Parliament has since the entry in 2000 of the MDC party on the political scene become an important place for dialogue and building relationships between the majority and opposition parties, 1. Calls for the expeditious release of the Presidential elections results without any further delay in accordance with Mugabe´s statements to comply with the due process of law; 2. Shows concern at the prolonged and unexplained delay in realising the Presidential results which is undermining the credibility of the process; . 3. Calls Zimbabwe's current government to respect democratic principals and ensure that the elections be a credible evidence of the free and democratic will of the Zimbabwean people; 4. Stresses that the Zimbabwean Parliament ought to play a central role in solving the current impasse on the results of the Presidential Elections; 5. Stresses deep concern about the current deteriorating situation in the field of human rights, rule of law and the increasing reports of violent incidents; in addition calls for the immediate release of the150 citizens arrested in the course of a peaceful protest against the delayed publication of results; reiterates that an international effort has to be made in order to avoid a similar situation as in Kenya; 6. Condemns the arrest of almost a dozen foreign journalists in recent weeks, and calls for the lifting of all restrictions on the freedom of the press and assembly, and for unfettered access to Zimbabwe by foreign news agencies; 7. Calls on the Government of Zimbabwe to live up to its commitments, as a signatory to the SADC Treaty and protocols, the Constitutive Act of the African Union and the African Charter of Human and People's Rights, to democratic principles, human rights and the rule of law; 8. Calls on the Council to ensure that all Member States rigorously apply existing restrictive measures; 9. Urges the international community to consider the human rights and political situation in Zimbabwe without delay and calls on countries that keep supporting the Mugabe regime especially with arms, military supply and the means of repression, including of its own government, to join the efforts of the international community; 10. Instructs its President to forward this