activity, it is recommended to determine if these have potential to result in adverse affects as soon as validated testing schemes to assess such adverse effects are available. N.B. – All the abovementioned tests can also be consulted in the publication Classification, Packaging and Labelling of Dangerous Substances in the European Union ; Part 2: "Testing Methods". European Commission 1997. ISBN 92-828-0076-8. ANNEX V List of surfactants that have obtained a derogation The following detergent surfactants passing tests stipulated in Annex II, but not passing tests stipulated in Annex III, may be placed on the market by means of derogation stipulated in Article 5 and in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12(2): Name in the Iupac nomenclature Einecs or Elincs number CAS number and CAS name Limitations "Einecs" means the European Inventory of Existing Commercial Substances. This inventory contains the definitive list of all substances deemed to be on the Community market on 18 September 1981. "Elincs" means the list of new substances as defined in Council Directive 92/32/EEC of 30 April 1992 amending for the seventh time Directive 67/548/EEC on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous substances OJ L 154, 5.6.1992, p. 1. . ANNEX VI List of banned or restricted detergent surfactants The following detergent surfactants have been identified as not complying with the provisions of this Regulation: Name in the Iupac nomenclature Einecs or Elincs number CAS number and CAS name Limitations "EINECS" means the European Inventory of Existing Commercial Substances. This inventory contains the definitive list of all substances deemed to be on the Community market on 18 September 1981. "ELINCS" means the list of new substances, as defined in Directive 92/32/EEC. ANNEX VII Labelling and ingredient datasheet A. Labelling for contents The following provisions on labelling shall apply to the packaging of detergents sold to the general public. The following weight percentage ranges: – less than 5 %, – 5 % or over but less than 15 %, – 15 % or over but less than 30 %, – 30 % and more, shall be used to indicate the content of the constituents listed below where they are added in a concentration above 0,2% by weight: – phosphates, – phosphonates, – anionic surfactants, – cationic surfactants, – amphoteric surfactants, – non-ionic surfactants, – oxygen-based bleaching agents, – chlorine-based bleaching agents,