those MRLs which may be deleted related to that active substance. 2. For substances included in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC before the entry into force of this Regulation, the reasoned opinion referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article shall be delivered within 12 months of the entry into force of this Regulation. Article 13 Administrative review Any decision taken under, or failure to exercise, the powers vested in the Authority by this Regulation may be reviewed by the Commission on its own initiative or in response to a request from a Member State or from any person directly and individually concerned. For that purpose, a request shall be submitted to the Commission within two months after the day on which the party concerned became aware of the act or omission in question. The Commission shall take a decision within two months requiring, if appropriate, the Authority to withdraw its decision or to remedy its failure to act within a set time-limit. SECTION 3 Setting, modifying or deletion of MRLs Article 14 Decisions on applications concerning MRLs 1. Upon receipt of the opinion of the Authority and taking into account that opinion, a Regulation on the setting, modification or deletion of an MRL or a Decision rejecting the application shall be prepared by the Commission without delay and at the latest within three months, and submitted for adoption in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2). 2. With regard to the acts referred to in paragraph 1, account shall be taken of: a) the scientific and technical knowledge available; b) the possible presence of pesticide residues arising from other sources than current plant protection uses of active substances , and their known cumulative and synergistic effects, when the methods to assess such effects are available ; c) the results of an assessment of any potential risks to consumers with a high intake and high vulnerability and, where appropriate, to animals; d) the results of any evaluations and decisions to modify the uses of plant protection products; e) a CXL or a GAP implemented in a third country for the legal use of an active substance in that country; f) other legitimate factors relevant to the matter under consideration. 3. The Commission may request at any time that supplementary information be provided by the applicant or by the Authority. The Commission shall make available any supplementary information received