of health is open, H. whereas the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment who has visited China from 20 November to 2 December 2005 confirmed that on the basis of the information he received during his mission that many methods of torture have been used in China and believes that the practice of torture remains widespread in China, HONG KONG I. whereas, on Sunday 4 December 2005, tens of thousands of people have taken part in a March in Hong Kong to demand a fully democratic system, J. taking note that the Chief executive is currently chosen by a committee made up of about 800 Hong Kong residents selected by the Chinese authorities, K. whereas, according to Articles 45 and 68 of the Basic Law, the selection of the Chief Executive and all members of the legislative Council should ultimately be by universal suffrage, TIBET 1. Demands the Chinese government for clarifying the circumstances of the death of the young Tibetan Monk Ngawang Jangchub during the "patriotic education" session in October 2005; 2. Is deeply concerned about the state of health of the five monks, arrested on 23 November 2005 at Drepung Monastery; 3. Urges the Chinese Government to immediately release them from their imprisonment in the Public Security Bureau Detention Centres; 4. Calls on the Government of the People's Republic of China to clarify if the five imprisoned monks have been tortured and if there have been more protesters arrested; 5. Urges the Government to suspend immediately the blockade of the monastery of Drepung in Lhasa; 6. Urges the Chinese authorities to cease the "patriotic education" campaign and to react in a proportionate manner to non-violent protests and not to undermine human rights by physical violence against them; 7. Demands once again the immediate release of Tenzin Delek Rinpoche; 8. Affirms its call for the abolition of the death penalty and an immediate moratorium on capital punishment in China; 9. Calls once more on the Government of the People's Republic of China to improve the inhuman conditions of imprisonment in their jails, to cease and abolish torture of detainees, as well as to stop the continued violation of the human rights of the Tibetan people and other minorities and to ensure that it respects international standards of human rights and humanitarian law; 10. Calls