lack of infrastructures, lack of productive capacity and a growing number of unemployment, H. whereas the financial and economic crisis, the food security crisis, commodity markets, energy crisis, have proven the extreme vulnerability of LDCs to external shocks, and weakness of the international support measures, I. whereas only three countries, Botswana, Cape Verde and Maldives have graduated from LDC during the decade, J. whereas the ongoing preparatory process of LDC- IV engages a broad spectrum of stakeholders and consultation mechanism, involving national and regional consultations, parliaments, civil society and private sector, K. whereas the parliamentary track to LDC-IV will culminate with the Parliamentary Forum on the 8 of May 2011, in Istanbul, L. whereas the EU, being the largest donor, increased ODA by 78% from Euros 8.3 billion in 2000 to Euro 14,7 in 2009, M. whereas the EU needs to mobilise resources and assist the implementation of the new Programme of Action, N. whereas the EU needs to follow an effective common position for the LDC-IV, O. whereas the EU should not allow that the ongoing economic and financial crisis compromise the development partnership with LDC, 1. Stresses that EU aid to LDCs countries should be oriented primarily at wealth creation and development of market economy, which are basic prerequisites for poverty eradication; 2. Urges the EU to continue to lead the support to LDCs, fulfilling its commitments in terms of market access and trade liberalisation, debt alleviation, reaffirming the importance of reaching the ODA target of 0,15 to 0,20% of GNI for LDC, mobilising, for this purpose, domestic resources while significantly increasing efficiency and transparency of these funds; 3. Stresses the role of the European Parliament and its decisive role in approving the EU development budget; is therefore convinced that the European Parliament should be more closely involved in preparing EU development strategy; it is essential also that a reporting back mechanism is put in place; 4. Calls for the necessity to give priority to economic growth as a key element for development and reducing overall poverty in LDCs countries; 5. Calls for reducing trade barriers and trade-distorting subsidies, in order to increase LDCs share of global trade. The abolition of agricultural export subsidies, committed to in the WTO Doha Development round, should be implemented at the earliest possible date; 6. Considers that LDC- IV should be resulted-oriented, with clear targets and indicators, based in efficient and transparent