If there are no grounds for suspicion, no checks should be carried out in order to avoid harassing the persons concerned. Amendment 62 Article 17, title Article 17 Article 17 Appraisal of family relationships and length of residence Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 63 Article 17 Member States shall have proper regard for the nature and solidity of the person's family relationships and the duration of his residence in the Member State and to the existence of family, cultural and social ties with his country of origin where they reject an application, withdraw or refuse to renew a residence permit or decide to order the removal of the applicant or members of his family. Member States shall have proper regard for the nature and solidity of the person's family relationships and the duration of his residence in the Member State and to the existence of family, cultural and social ties with his country of origin where they reject an application for entry and residence for the purposes of family reunification , withdraw or refuse to renew a residence permit or decide to order the removal of the applicant or members of his family. Justification Clarification of the text. Amendment 64 Article 17 a (new) Article 17a Penalties Member States shall lay down the rules applicable to infringements of the national provisions adopted pursuant to this Directive and shall adopt all the necessary measures to ensure that they are implemented. The penalties provided for must be effective, proportionate and dissuasive. Member States shall notify the Commission of the content of these measures by 31 December 2003 at the latest, and of any subsequent amendment to them immediately. Justification This article sets out a normal and necessary clause in Community law, laying down penalties in the event of infringement of the national provisions adopted pursuant to the Directive, and granting the Member States discretionary powers to decide them. Amendment 65 Article 18, title Article 18 Article 18 Guarantees concerning legal processes Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 66 Article 18, paragraph 1 The Member States shall ensure that the applicant and/or the members of his/her family have the de facto and de jure right to apply to the courts where an application for family reunification is rejected or a residence permit is either not renewed or is withdrawn or removal is