Answer given by Mr Kallas on behalf of the Commission (13 December 2010) Under Article 8.1.b of Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 of the Parliament and of the Council of 11 February 2004 establishing common rules on compensation and assistance to passengers in the event of denied boarding and of cancellation or long delay of flights, and repealing Regulation (EEC) No 295/91, OJ L 46, 17.2.2004. , whenever a flight is cancelled, passengers shall be offered the choice between the reimbursement of the price of the unused flight ticket, or re-routing to their final destination at the earliest opportunity or at a later date at the passenger's convenience. Although passengers opting for re-routing shall receive appropriate assistance (i.e. hotel accommodation) while waiting for the departure of the new flight, the regulation does not contain an obligation to provide assistance to those passengers who decline an adequate re-routing offer and therefore no longer intend to travel with the airline, thus putting an end to the contract of carriage. In this case, passengers may claim the reimbursement of the price of the unused flight ticket as well as financial compensation under certain conditions. A different case would be if the air carrier had failed to offer the passenger adequate re-routing, i.e. at the earliest opportunity and under comparable transport conditions as stated in the regulation. In that case, passengers may be entitled to recover from the company the cost linked to the re-routing they were forced to organise by themselves. This applies as long as they have formally declined both the re-imbursement of the ticket and any re-routing offered by the carrier because the offer did not respect the terms of the regulation. The passengers must have informed the carrier accordingly, and notified the carrier of their intention to re-route themselves since the carrier did not offer a correct choice. Each case of alleged infringement of Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 or of Regulation (EC) No 1107/2006 by an airline has to be brought to the attention of, and analysed by, the competent National Enforcement Body (NEB) or by the competent national court. In the case mentioned in the question, the competent NEB should be the one in Cyprus, which the Commission has already contacted in this instance. It is in the remit of this national authority to clarify whether, in the mentioned case, re-routing was offered at the earliest