to take account of the renumbering of the articles of the Treaty establishing the European Community, in accordance with Article 5 of the Treaty of Lisbon; the original reference was to the second paragraph of Article 48 of the Treaty. The following Article is inserted: Article 17a ▌ Data protection The processing of personal data carried out in the context of this Directive shall be subject to Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data *. _____________ * OJ L 281, 23.11.1995, p. 31. Article 3 Amendments to Directive 2009/101/EC Directive 2009/101/EC is amended as follows: ▌The following Article is inserted: Article 2a Member States shall take the measures required to ensure that any changes in the documents and particulars referred to in Article 2 are entered in the competent register referred to in Article 3(1) and are disclosed , in accordance with Article 3(3) and (5), normally within 21 days from receipt of the complete documentation regarding those changes including, if applicable, the legality check as required under national law for entry in the file. This provision shall not apply to the accounting documents referred to in Article 2(f). In Article 3(1), the following subparagraph is added: Member States shall ensure that companies have a unique identifier that allows for their unequivocal identification in communication between registers through the system of interconnection of central, commercial and companies registers (‘the system of interconnection of registers’). That unique identifier shall comprise, at least, elements enabling the identification of the Member State of the register, the domestic register of origin, the company number in that register and, where appropriate, features to avoid identification errors. The following Articles are inserted: Article 3a 1. Member States shall ensure that up-to-date information is made available explaining the provisions of national law according to which third parties can rely on ▌ particulars and each type of document referred to in Article 2, in accordance with Article 3(5), (6) and (7). 2. Member States shall provide the information required for publication on the European e-Justice portal (“the portal”) in accordance with the portal's rules and technical requirements. The Commission shall publish that information on the portal in all the official languages of the Union. Article 3b 1. Electronic copies of