How to create the European Institute of Technology? Research and innovation 2007-05-02 - 15:53 At a hearing on Wednesday on plans for a European Institute of Technology, MEPs were generally much in favour of the proposed "Knowledge and Innovation Communities" but they expressed doubts about the legal and financial structure of the EIT project. They heard from experts from universities, research organisations and businesses about the objectives of the EIT and the problems that still need to be solved if it is to be a success. "The EIT must give Europe’s best universities, research centres and businesses an opportunity to come together", said Ján Figel, Commissioner for Education, Training, Culture and Youth. "Together we can make a difference," he told the hearing, jointly organised by the Industry and Culture Committees. The EIT will have a two-level structure: a Governing Board which to choose universities, research centres and businesses that will then form a so-called "Knowledge and Innovation Community" (KIC). Each of these KICs will focus on a specific topic such as climate change or energy efficiency. Many participants thought that a special EIT diploma was necessary to guarantee its visibility around European and beyond and to attract the best researchers. Innovation is "Europe's Achilles' heel" Horst Soboll of the European Research Advisory Board (EURAB) underlined that especially when it comes to innovation Europe needs to make a bigger effort. "The EIT is a proxy for this innovation gap in Europe," he said, and urged the politicians to "stop the lip service and take action." Reino Paasilinna (PES, FI), the Industry Committee's rapporteur, agreed, saying "Innovation is the Achilles' heel of Europe". The EIT should therefore focus on improving the EU's innovation capacity "to renew Europe". According to Willi Fuchs, President of the European Federation of Engineering Associations (FEANI), the EIT should also address the EU's "acute or foreseeable lack of engineers" by providing education and vocational training for them. "Only when we have enough excellent scientists and engineers can we successfully develop innovative products and services," he said. Erich Hödl, Vice-President of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts, said that "the concentration on a limited number of strategic innovation themes and the bundling of existing excellence into critical masses may convert the current brain drain to a brain gain and promote global economic competitiveness". Kari Raivio of the League of European Research Universities (LERU) called the Commissions' analysis of