of each species and its geographical origin expressed by reference to a sub-area and division or sub-division in which catch limits apply pursuant to Community legislation; e) the relevant name or FAO alpha code of each species and its geographical origin expressed to the same level of detail as under Article 14(1) ; Justification The proposal currently has several different forms of wording for how the geographical origin of the fish should be described in the various documents. This and other amendments seek to standardize it, for ease of application. Amendment 5 5 Proposal for a regulation Article 55 – point e a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment ea) the quantity of each species in kilograms live weight; Justification The amount of fish would seem to be a useful piece of information in a sales note. Amendment 5 6 Proposal for a regulation Article 63 – paragraph 6 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 6. All costs arising from the operation of observers under this Article shall be borne by the flag Member States. Member States may charge those costs, in part or in full, to the operators of the vessels flying their flags involved in the relevant fishery. 6. All costs arising from the operation of observers under this Article shall be borne by the flag Member States and the Commission . Justification The Commission should cover the cost of observation programmes, given that it is making them compulsory in order to make the control system more effective. Amendment 5 7 Proposal for a regulation Article 69 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Member States shall set up and keep up to date an electronic database where they upload all inspection and surveillance reports drawn up by their officials. Member States shall set up and keep up to date an electronic database where they upload all inspection and surveillance reports , including observer reports, drawn up by their officials. Justification There would appear to be no reason not to put observer reports on the database as well. Amendment 5 8 Proposal for a regulation Article 78 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment The inspecting Member State may also transfer prosecution of the infringement to the competent authorities of the flag Member State or the Member State of registration or the Member State of which the offender is a citizen so long as this is done, with the