shall determine whether, in order to exercise the right to family reunification, an application for entry and residence shall be submitted to the competent authorities of the Member State concerned either by the applicant or by the family member or members . 1. In order to exercise his/her right to family reunification, the applicant or the family member shall submit an application for entry and residence to the competent authorities of the Member State in which the applicant is resident. Justification It is the applicant who submits an application for the reunification of the members of his family since he is, after all, the one entitled to do. Furthermore, the applicant, being already resident, will find it easier to cope with the administrative procedure, thanks to his knowledge of the country’s language and the workings of its authorities. In many parts of the world the Member States’ consular representatives are hundreds of miles away from the places in which the family members live and are often swamped by applications for visas issued by the Member States concerned. Family reunification can be unnecessarily impeded if responsibility for decision-making is shifted to the Member States’ representatives abroad. Amendment 36 Article 5, paragraph 2, second subparagraph In order to obtain evidence that a family relationship exists, Member States may carry out interviews with the applicant and his/her family members and conduct other investigations that are found necessary. In order to obtain evidence that a family relationship exists, Member States may carry out interviews with the applicant and his/her family members if he/she/they is/are already on their territory and conduct other investigations , including DNA tests, that are found necessary. Justification A DNA test is one of the most reliable means of investigation. Amendment 37 Article 5, paragraph 2, third subparagraph When examining an application concerning the unmarried partner of the applicant, Member States shall consider , as evidence of the family relationship, factors such as a common child, previous cohabitation, registration of the partnership and any other reliable means of proof. When examining an application concerning the unmarried partner of the applicant, Member States shall consider factors such as a common child, previous cohabitation, registration of the partnership and any other reliable means of proof. Justification Amendment 38 Article 5, paragraph 4 4. The competent authorities of the Member State shall give the applicant /family member(s) written notification of the decision as soon