pass criterion of at least 60% referred to in methods listed in point A. The adequacy of the choice of the methods listed below shall be decided on a case by case confirmation, in accordance with Article 5 of this Regulation. 1. Method of the Directive 67/548/EEC Annex V.C.4-A (Dissolved Organic Carbon DOC Die-Away): Pre-adaptation is not to be used. The ten days window principle is not applied. The pass criteria for biodegradability measured according to the test shall be at least 70% within twenty-eight days. 2. Method of the Directive 67/548/EEC Annex V.C.4-B (Modified OECD Screening-DOC Die-Away): Pre-adaptation is not to be used. The ten days window principle is not applied. The pass criteria for biodegradability measured according to the test shall be at least 70% within twenty-eight days. N.B. – All the abovementioned methods, taken from Council Directive 67/548/EEC, can also be found in the publication "Classification, Packaging and Labelling of Dangerous Substances in the European Union", Part 2: "Testing Methods". European Commission 1997. ISBN 92-828-0076-8. ANNEX IV Complementary risk assessment for surfactants in detergents For those surfactants for which an environmental risk assessment is available in the context of Directive 93/67/EEC, or Regulation (EEC) No 793/93 and Regulation (EC) No 1488/94, and Technical Guidance Documents, this risk assessment shall be considered together with the complementary risk assessment run in the scope of this Regulation. The complementary risk assessment run in the scope of this Regulation, in case it is likely that recalcitrant metabolites are produced, shall be considered in the context of assessments made on the basis of Directive 93/67/EEC or Regulation (EEC) No 793/93. This is to be assessed case by case and in particular on the basis of the results of the tests referred to in part 3. The study shall cover the aquatic environmental compartment. Additional information relating to specific risk assessment concerns might be required by the Committee referred to in Article 12(2) on a case by case basis. Additional information might include other environmental compartments such as sewage sludge and soil. A tiered approach shall be adopted concerning the information required for the technical file referred to in Articles 5 and 9. The file shall contain at least the information described under points 1, 2 and 3 below. However, to minimise testing, and especially to avoid unnecessary animal testing, the additional studies listed under point 4.2.2 should be requested only where such