apply the risk-based Solvency II regime even for their occupational pension activity; 37. Stresses that financial markets can function efficiently only when there is confidence and trust and considers that confidence and trust require solid prudential rules for financial institutions, and that IORPs should be no exception to this; 38. Believes that, in order to achieve consistency of prudential regimes among different financial services providers, the ‘same risks – same rules – same capital’ principle must apply, taking into account the characteristics of each pension product or scheme; 39. Underlines the fact that individuals have a right to information about the countries, sectors and products in which pension funds invest their assets; 40. Considers the qualitative elements of Solvency II to be a valuable starting point in relation to enhancing the supervision of IORPs; notes that this applies in particular to requirements in relation to good risk management; 41. Calls on the Commission to develop proposals on decision making in relation to the IORPs’ solvency regime and notably – in line with its declared intention in the Green Paper – to launch an impact study on application of a Solvency-II-type solvency regime as soon as possible; 42. Observes that pension funds, including IORPs, are still regulated and supervised as stand-alone financial entities, although in practice conglomerates undertake these activities; 43. Emphasises that any proposals for new legislation or changes to current legislation should be subject to a thorough impact assessment process; 44. Emphasises that the newly established European supervisory authority (European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority) must make full use of its competences and play an important role in the preparatory process for a review of the IORP Directive, and in developing legal provisions, such as draft technical standards, guidelines and recommendations for a solvency regime; recalls that the IORP Directive should not apply to any public pension liabilities or work-related pension systems in the first pillar; 45. Is of the opinion that, just as Solvency II allows companies in all branches of insurance to comply with the national legislation of 27 Member States’ in the fields of civil law, tax law or contract law, the design of a solvency regime applicable to IORPs, while clearly a European Union responsibility, must take account of all the occupational pensions, social and labour legislation established by Member States, in accordance with the subsidiarity principle; 46. Believes that, in order to increase transparency