125 ) OJ C 240 E, 28.8.2001, p. 60. – having regard to the Commission's amended proposal ( COM(2002) 304 ) OJ C 227 E, 24.9.2002, p. 393. , – having regard to Article 251(2) of the EC Treaty, – having regard to Rule 80 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the recommendation for second reading of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy ( A5‑0135/2003 ), 1. Amends the common position as follows; 2. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council and Commission. Council common position Amendments by Parliament Amendment 1 Recital 2 Experience in implementing this Directive shows the benefits that may result from the internal market in gas, in terms of efficiency gains, price reductions, higher standards of service and increased competitiveness. However, significant shortcomings and possibilities for improving the functioning of the market remain, notably in ensuring a level playing field in addressing the risks of predatory behaviour, ensuring non-discriminatory transmission and distribution tariffs, through access to the network on the basis of tariffs published prior to their entry into force, and ensuring that the rights of small and vulnerable customers are protected. Experience in implementing this Directive shows the benefits that may result from the internal market in gas, in terms of efficiency gains, price reductions, higher standards of service and increased competitiveness. However, significant shortcomings and possibilities for improving the functioning of the market remain, notably in taking concrete measures to ensure a level playing field and reduce the risk of market domination and predatory behaviour, ensuring non-discriminatory transmission and distribution tariffs, through access to the network on the basis of tariffs published prior to their entry into force, and ensuring that the rights of small and vulnerable customers are protected. Justification Based on the amendment at first reading and seeking to align the electricity and gas directives. Amendment 2 Recital 13 a (new) The Commission has notified its intention to establish a European Regulators’ Group, which would constitute a suitable mechanism for encouraging cooperation and coordination of national regulatory authorities, in order to promote the development of the internal market for natural gas, and to seek to achieve consistent application, in all Member States, of the provisions set out in this directive, particularly in areas where national legal provisions on the implementation of Community law leave the national regulatory authorities considerable discretion in the application