ensure that such conduct is punishable as a criminal offence. The option that previously existed of choosing between making such conduct punishable as a criminal offence and derogating from the principle of double criminality no longer applies. 2. Minimum penalties Article 5 lays down minimum penalties to apply throughout the EU. These include: custodial sentences of not less than six months for the offences referred to in Article 4(b) to (e); and custodial sentences of not less than two years for the offences referred to in Article 4(a) and (f), namely public incitement to violence or hatred for a racist or xenophobic purpose. Aid and abetting or attempting to commit a racist offence are also punishable. Provision is also made for ancillary or alternative sanctions such as community service, deprivation of certain civil or political rights, fines or the confiscation of equipment. Furthermore, Article 9 stipulates that legal persons can be held liable for the offences referred to in Articles 4 and 5 and for a lack of supervision or control, which covers in particular the activities of Internet content providers. 3. Aggravating circumstances for racist and xenophobic offences The provisions of Articles 7 and 8 are also of essential importance to the punishment of racist behaviour in that they specify that the sentence can be aggravated when an offence is perpetrated in the exercise of a professional activity and that racist and xenophobic motivation may be regarded as aggravating circumstances for offences other than those referred to in Articles 4 and 5. 4. Procedural provisions With a view to further strengthening the measures that may be taken against racist behaviour, given that victims are often scared to take legal action Article 11 stipulates that each Member State shall ensure that investigations into or prosecution of offences shall not be dependent on the report or accusation made by a victim of the offence. With regard to jurisdiction, Article 12(2) stipulates that each Member State shall ensure that its jurisdiction extends to cases where the offence is committed through an information system and the offender makes use of racist material hosted in its territory but is not physically present in its territory, and vice-versa. Lastly, when the proposal for a European arrest warrant is adopted, nationality will no longer be a ground for refusing extradition. 5. Judicial cooperation The designation of operational contact points by the Members States, for which provision