the assurance that a ship declaring intra-EU goods has only visited EU ports. It offers a way of reducing the administrative burden on short-sea shipping while maintaining existing levels of control. This, in turn, promotes the use of a transport mode which causes less environmental damage than road transport. Amendment 18 Proposal for a regulation Recital 9 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (9a) In order to contribute to the establishment of a ‘ Single European Sea ’ and to help prevent and combat marine pollution, synergies should be created between national enforcement authorities, including national coastguard services. Amendment 19 Proposal for a regulation Recital 9 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (9b) The Agency should assist the Commission and Member States in developing and implementing the Union ’s ‘e-maritime’ initiative, which is designed to improve the efficiency of the maritime sector through better use of information technologies, without prejudice to the areas of responsibility of competent authorities. Justification Information and satellite technologies can make a major contribution to improving maritime safety levels and the efficiency of the sector. With this in view, emphasis should be placed on the importance of the Commission’s e-maritime initiative, whilst seeking to avoid overlapping and duplication of national and regional bodies' areas of competence. Amendment 20 Proposal for a regulation Recital 9 c (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment ( 9c ) In view of the importance of Europe continuing to attract new seafarers of high quality to replace the generation that is retiring, the Agency should support Member States and the Commission in promoting maritime training. In particular it should work to share best practice and facilitate exchanges between maritime training institutions based on the Erasmus model. Amendment 21 Proposal for a regulation Recital 10 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (10) The Agency has established itself as the authoritative provider of maritime traffic data at EU level which are of interest and relevance in other EU activities. Through its activities, in particular regarding port state control, the monitoring of maritime traffic and shipping routes as well as assistance for tracking possible polluters, the Agency should contribute to reinforce synergies at EU level regarding certain coastguard operations. In addition, the Agency's data monitoring and collection should also gather basic information on potential threats to maritime transport and the marine environment from offshore oil and gas exploration and production.