a true action plan. Its main defect is the absence of the precautionary principle. If this principle were applied, action could be taken upstream to eliminate gradually the use of substances which are dangerous for health (such as phthalates, heavy metals, chlorinated solvents and pesticides). MEPs feel the Commission has done the right thing in focusing on the need to combat four types of environmentally-caused illnesses (respiratory diseases and childhood allergies, neurodevelopmental disorders, childhood cancer and endocrine-disrupting effects) but they still think its approach is intrinsically inadequate since it does not take account of many recent scientific studies and, contrary to the of the provisions of the SCALE initiative, contains no provision for using legal instruments. The draft resolution also contains a number of demands for information for the public on the correlation between pollution and health. 20.01.2005 Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety In the chair: Karl-Heinz FLORENZ (EPP-ED, DE) Procedure: Own-initiative Plenary vote: February, Strasbourg Press enquiries: Cezary Lewanowicz - tel. (32-2) 28 44659 e-mail: envi-press@europarl.eu.int Standard tests for frontal protection systems on cars Parliament's Transport Committee called for tougher safety standards for frontal protection systems on road vehicles when it adopted a report on Wednesday on a Commission proposal setting out tests for such systems, which include bull bars. Car manufacturers have already made a voluntary agreement with the Commission not to install "rigid bull bars" on new cars. This new draft directive, however, details the tests for approving all frontal protection systems. MEPs are anxious that frontal protection systems should be designed in a way that improves pedestrian safety and reduces the number of injuries. European, Japanese and Korean manufactures made a voluntary commitment with the Commission not to install so-called ”rigid bull bars” as frontal protection systems on new vehicles from 2002. The European Parliament, in June 2002, adopted a non-binding resolution welcoming the ban. This new proposal goes further and lays down tests that must be complied with by frontal protection systems either as originally fitted to a vehicle or put on the market as separate technical units. The aim is to improve the protection of pedestrians and mitigate the severity of injuries to them and other vulnerable road users in the event of a collision with a vehicle fitted with such a system. In order to comply with the proposal, frontal protection systems will have to pass a number of