or to apply only in specific cases or circumstances, the jurisdiction rule set out in Article 2a . It shall inform the General Secretariat of the Council and the Commission accordingly. Justification See amendment 17. Amendment 20 Article 12, paragraph 4 4. Member States shall inform the General Secretariat of the Council and the Commission accordingly where they decide to apply paragraph 3, where appropriate with an indication of the specific cases or circumstances in which the decision applies. Deleted Justification See amendment 17. Amendment 21 Article 15, paragraph 1 1. Member States shall designate operational contact points or may use existing operational structures for the exchange of information and for other contacts between Member States for the purposes of applying this Framework Decision. 1. Member States shall designate operational contact points or may use existing operational structures such as Europol and Eurojust for the exchange of information and for other contacts between Member States for the purposes of applying this Framework Decision. Justification Europol and Eurojust are among these existing operational structures. Amendment 22 Article 15, paragraph 4 (new) 4. The national contact points shall report comprehensively to the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia (EUMC) on incidents of racism and xenophobia, police reports, prosecutions and convictions. The particulars supplied to EUMC for registration and monitoring purposes shall include details of the ethnic and cultural background of both the perpetrator and the victim. Justification Self-explanatory. Amendment 23 Article 16, paragraph 3 3. On that basis, the Commission shall, by 30 June 2005, submit a report to the European Parliament and to the Council on the operation of this Framework Decision, accompanied where necessary by legislative proposals. 3. On that basis, the Commission shall, by 30 June 2005, submit a first report to the European Parliament and to the Council on the operation of this Framework Decision, accompanied where necessary by legislative proposals. At regular intervals from no more than 2 years other reports shall follow this. Justification The framework decision to be effective must be regularly monitored. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Introduction The EUMC annual report for 2000 and reports by the ECRI and the NGOs working in this area confirm that racist and xenophobic violence and discrimination within the EU have not gone away, and in certain cases are on the increase. The terrorist attacks of 11 September and the worsening of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict have, over recent months,