approves, rejects or proposes amendments to the proposal for a legislative act and any procedural requests. The first reading is concluded if the draft legislative resolution is adopted. If Parliament does not adopt the legislative resolution, the proposal shall be referred back to the committee responsible. All reports tabled under the legislative procedure should comply with Rules 37, 43 and 45. Any non-legislative motion for a resolution tabled by a committee should be in accordance with the referral procedures provided for in Rule 48 or 188. 3. The text of the proposal as approved by Parliament and the accompanying resolution shall be forwarded to the Council and theCommission by the President as Parliament's position. Rule 56 Rejection of a Commission proposal 1. If a Commission proposal fails to secure a majority of the votes cast or if a motion for its rejection, which may be tabled by the committee responsible or by at least 40 Members, has been adopted, the President shall, before Parliament votes on the draft legislative resolution, ask the Commission to withdraw the proposal. 2. If the Commission does so, the President shall declare the procedure closed and shall inform the Council accordingly. 3. If the Commission does not withdraw its proposal, Parliament shall refer the matter back to the committee responsible without voting on the draft legislative resolution, unless Parliament, on a proposal of the Chair or rapporteur of the committee responsible or of a political group or at least 40 Members, proceeds to vote on the draft legislative resolution. In the event of referral back, the committee responsible shall decide on the procedure to be followed and shall, orally or in writing, report back to Parliament within a period decided by Parliament which may not exceed two months. Following a referral back to committee pursuant to paragraph 3, the lead committee must, before taking a decision on the procedure to be followed, allow an associated committee, as provided for in Rule 50, to make choices as to the amendments which fall within its exclusive competence, and in particular to choose which amendments are to be resubmitted in plenary. The time-limit laid down in the second subparagraph of paragraph 3 applies to the tabling in writing, or the oral presentation, of the report of the committee responsible. It does not apply to Parliament's decision as to the appropriate juncture at which to continue consideration of the