ensuring that multiple charges are not levied for multiple registrations in individual Member States. In particular, a producer should no longer be required to be established in a Member State in order to be allowed to place EEE on the market in that Member State . Instead, the appointment of a local legal representative resident in that Member State should be sufficient. Justification Experience with the current WEEE Directive has shown that the differing registration and reporting requirements in the 27 Member States have led to increased bureaucracy and unforeseen costs. According to the Commission’s impact assessment, annual bureaucracy-related costs of EUR 66 million can be avoided. Accordingly, further progress must be made with the harmonisation of registration and reporting and the interoperability of national registers, in the interests of a functioning internal market. Reinstatement of Parliament’s position. Amendment 13 Council position Recital 28 Council position Amendment (28) The power to adopt acts in accordance with Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU) should be delegated to the Commission in respect of the adaptation of Annexes IV, VII, VIII and IX to scientific and technical progress, and of the adoption of rules supplementing the rules laid down in this Directive on the technical requirements for collection and the equivalence of waste treatment when waste is shipped out of the Union. It is of particular importance that the Commission carry out appropriate consultations during its preparatory work, including at expert level. The Commission, when preparing and drawing up delegated acts, should ensure a simultaneous, timely and appropriate transmission of the relevant documents to the European Parliament and to the Council. (28) The power to adopt acts in accordance with Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU) should be delegated to the Commission in respect of the adoption of transitional provisions on collection rates and the method of determining the volume of waste by weight ; in respect of the adoption of rules supplementing the rules laid down in this Directive on the technical requirements for collection and the equivalence of waste treatment when waste is shipped out of the Union , on the minimum requirements and methodology for calculating the financial guarantees, on the definition of ‘very small volume WEEE’ and of ‘micro enterprises working on a very small surface area’ ; in respect of the adaptation of Annexes