the candidate selected by the Administrative Board may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. 1. The Executive Director shall be appointed and dismissed by the Administrative Board. The appointment shall be made from a list of candidates proposed by the Commission for a period of five years on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well as gender equality, competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution caused by ships , by offshore oil and gas installations including pipeline terminals and response to marine pollution. Before appointment, the candidate selected by the Administrative Board may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. Amendment 19 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 5 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 16 - paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. The Heads of Department shall be appointed on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well as professional competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. The Heads of Department shall be appointed or dismissed by the Executive Director after having received a positive opinion of the Administrative Board. 4. The Heads of Department shall be appointed on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well as gender equality, professional competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. The Heads of Department shall be appointed or dismissed by the Executive Director after having received a positive opinion of the Administrative Board. PROCEDURE Title Amendment of Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 establishing a European Maritime Safety Agency References COM(2010)0611 – C7-0343/2010 – 2010/0303(COD) Committee responsible TRAN Opinion by Date announced in plenary ENVI 10.11.2010 Rapporteur Date appointed Bart Staes 30.11.2010 Discussed in committee 16.3.2011 Date adopted 19.4.2011 Result of final vote +: –: 0: 58 2 Members present for the final vote János Áder, Kriton Arsenis,