circulation circuit must be returned to the circulation at least once each day by brushing or some other appropriate means. When the sludge fails to settle, its settleability may be increased by the addition of 2 ml portions of a 5% solution of ferric chloride, repeated as necessary. The effluent from the settling vessel D is accumulated in vessel F for twenty-four hours, following which a sample is taken after thorough mixing. Vessel F must then be carefully cleaned. 1.6. Checking measuring equipment The surfactant content (in mg/l) of the synthetic sewage is determined immediately before use. The surfactant content (in mg/l) of the effluent collected over twenty-four hours in vessel F should be determined analytically by the same method, immediately after collection: otherwise the samples must be preserved, preferably by freezing. The concentrations must be determined to the nearest 0,1 mg/l surfactant As a check on the efficiency of the process, the chemical oxygen demand (COD) or the dissolved organic carbon (DOC) of the glass fibre filtered effluent accumulated in vessel F and of the filtered synthetic sewage in vessel A is measured at least twice per week. The reduction in COD or DOC should level off when a roughly regular daily surfactant degradation is obtained at the end of the running-in period shown in Figure 3. The content of dry matter in the activated sludge contained in the aeration vessel should be determined twice a week in g/l. If it is more than 2,5 g/l, the excess activated sludge must be discarded. The degradation test is performed at room temperature; this should be steady and kept between 19-24 °C. 1.7. Calculation of biodegradability The percentage degradation of surfactant must be calculated every day on the basis of the surfactant content in mg/l of the synthetic sewage and of the corresponding effluent accumulated in vessel F. The degradability values thus obtained should be presented graphically as in Figure 3. The degradability of the surfactant should be calculated as the arithmetic mean of the values obtained over the twenty-one days that follow the running-in and acclimatisation period, during which degradation has been regular and the operation of the plant trouble-free. In any event the duration of the running-in period should not exceed six weeks. The daily degradation values are calculated to the nearest 0,1% but the final result is given to the nearest whole number. In some cases it may