European Constitution, but not of European cooperation and integration, which are considered to be ways of solving the shared problems. For the present, the European institutions must take action to restore the public's confidence in the European project. Better communication is needed, in particular in order to combat the false argument put forward by second-rate national leaders who blame Brussels for their own failures. But what we need most is effective measures in the fields that European citizens see as important. The European institutions should now work towards achieving their strategic objectives, even though they are for the moment obliged to use outdated instruments such as the Nice Treaty. We should, furthermore, recognise the need for greater transparency and simplification of the decision-making process in all the institutions concerned, by being answerable, as far as possible, directly to the citizens without the national governments acting as intermediaries. As a committee which works essentially on the basis of the codecision procedure, we feel that it is an element of the draft Constitution that must be preserved in any future proposals for reform. (closing formula and signature) 25.11.2005 OPINION of the Committee on Foreign Affairs for the Committee on Constitutional Affairs on the period of reflection: the structure, subjects and context for an assessment of the debate on the European Union ( 2005/2146(INI) ) Draftsman: Elmar Brok SUGGESTIONS The Committee on Foreign Affairs calls on the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: The ratification process of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe 1. Pending the ratification of the Constitutional Treaty, warns against any total or partial endorsement of the new Treaty provisions given its constitutional ambition and the fact that this could be perceived as an attempt to circumvent citizens' wishes in the countries which have not yet ratified the Constitutional Treaty; 2. Considers equally impracticable any attempt to renegotiate the Constitutional Treaty since this already expresses the most balanced solution that could be achieved during the negotiations both within the European Convention and at the subsequent IGC, and has in fact already been ratified by more than half of the Member States; 3. Regrets that the ratification process has foundered in two Member States; supports, however, the view that the ratification process should continue at the pace decided on by each Member State and that the Constitutional