by bus and coach in order to improve the attractiveness of, and confidence in, passenger transport by road and to achieve a level playing field between carriers from different Member States and between the various modes of transport. By introducing new rules, the Regulation will, once adopted, enhance the protection of passengers in general, and of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility in particular. It will also set quality standards comparable to those already established in the air and rail sectors. In a nutshell, the proposal foresees the following: - Liability for death and injury : It is proposed to establish unlimited liability for carriers. Moreover, under certain conditions companies may not contest damages up to a certain amount in case of an accident (strict liability). Passengers are also entitled to receive advance payments in order to address economic difficulties that they or their families suffer as a consequence of death and injury. - Rights of persons with reduced mobility : The proposal forbids any discrimination on grounds of disability and reduced mobility with regard to booking a journey and boarding a vehicle and lays down rules obliging undertakings to provide assistance free of charge. Moreover they are required to provide relevant training to their personnel. - Compensation and assistance in the event of cancellations or delays : According to the proposal, companies would be obliged to provide passengers with adequate information and reasonable alternative services or otherwise pay compensation. - Complaints and redress : Member States would have to set up enforcement bodies responsible for ensuring the implementation of this Regulation. If a passenger considers that any of his rights has not been respected, he can submit a complaint to the company. If the response is not satisfactory, he can make a complaint to the national enforcement body. EP first reading On 23 April 2009 Parliament adopted by a large majority (557 votes to 30, with 23 abstentions) its position at first reading. Most amendments to the Commission proposal aim at strengthening the rights of bus and coach passengers while taking into account the specific features of bus and coach transport when compared to other transport modes. The most important modifications introduced by Parliament relate to the following issues: - Scope : Parliament considered that Member States should not be able to exempt regional transport from the Regulation, since it accounts for a large portion of bus and