transportation of organs ensure s that the organ is transported with due care ; Justification This amendment seeks to cut red tape. What is essential is that the organ should be treated according to the rules during transport. Amendment 51 Proposal for a directive Article 8 – paragraph 1 – point b – indent 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment – identification of the procurement organisation, including its address and telephone number; – identification of the procurement organisation and the donor's hospital , including its address and telephone number; Justification The proposed amendment takes due account of the quality and safety requirements and addresses the specific requirements relating to organ transplantation. Amendment 52 Proposal for a directive Article 8 - paragraph 1 - point b - indent 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment - recommended transport conditions, including instructions for keeping the container at a certain temperature and in a certain position - recommended transport conditions, including instructions for keeping the container at an appropriate temperature and in an appropriate position Amendment 53 Proposal for a directive Article 9 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. The Competent authority shall indicate in the accreditation, designation, authorisation or licence which activities the transplantation centre concerned may undertake. 2. The Competent authority shall indicate in the accreditation, designation, authorisation or licence which programmes the transplantation centre concerned may undertake. Justification This amendment is intended to reflect the variety which exists among transplantation centres, as some perform all types of transplantation while others are approved only for certain transplantation programmes, for example for kidney transplants but not heart transplants. Amendment 54 Proposal for a directive Article 10 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Member States shall ensure the implementation of a donor identification system that can identify each donation and each of the organs associated with it. Member States shall ensure that this donor identification system are designed and selected in accordance with the aim of collecting, processing or using no personal data or as little personal data as possible. In particular, use is to be made of the possibilities for pseudonymisation or rendering individuals anonymous . 2. Member States shall ensure the implementation of a donor identification system that can identify each donation and each of the organs associated with it. Member States shall ensure that the confidentiality of patient data is respected