out by the Commission during a given calendar year. The following clarifications are given in the order of the questions raised: The criteria that govern evaluation within the Commission are laid down in legal texts (the Financial Regulation, the Structural Funds Regulations, etc.), internal Commission communications on evaluation, detailed guidance material and in the Commission's binding evaluation standards. These establish clear rules and criteria for the organisational set-up of evaluation activities within the Commission as well as for the entire evaluation process, ranging from the planning and design of evaluations to the dissemination of, and follow-up to, evaluation results. As for the required knowledge of the ‘assessors’, the large majority of interim and ex-post evaluations are entrusted to external consultants. It is thus in the course of the tendering process that the quality of the potential assessor as well as of the concrete proposal are being examined. The Evaluation Standards referred to above are very specific on the follow-up to evaluation results, stating that ‘appropriate feedback mechanisms shall be provided so that all types of evaluation results are transmitted effectively to all persons responsible for decision-making’. In addition, ‘the operational departments shall examine the evaluation conclusions and possible recommendations and describe the action they propose to take’. The Honourable Member also refers to the conference with outside evaluation consultants, which was scheduled for 17 October 2005. This was indeed the first time that a conference of that sort was organised. The purpose of that conference was to bring together the supply and demand sides of the evaluation consultancy market, so as to enhance the understanding among consultants of the Commission's evaluation activities, and to explain to them how they can better meet the Commission's requirements in this area. The conference has managed to arouse considerable interest among potential external evaluators. However, given the rather technical nature of this event and its strong focus on procurement-related matters, it is not surprising that it has not featured in recent budgetary control debates. The publication of the annual evaluation reviews takes the form of Commission staff working papers that are sent to the other institutions as one of the working documents accompanying the preliminary draft budget. 250 copies of the 2004 annual evaluation review were transmitted to the Parliament. The Parliament's own initiative report on the Commission's evaluation activities A5-0284/2002 of 11 September 2002. refers repeatedly to the annual evaluation review. The same