('Television without Frontiers'), – having regard to Rules 115 and 110(2) of its Rules of Procedure, A. whereas the EU is a community of values based on human rights, fundamental freedoms, democracy and the rule of law, equality and non-discrimination, B. whereas the EU and its Member States are obliged to promote equality and fight non-discrimination, notably on the basis of Article 13 TEC and of the directives that have been approved and proposed to achieve this aim, including the fight against discrimination based on sexual orientation, C. whereas exclusion, discrimination and harassment affecting young LGBT people lead to severe psychological distress and high suicide rates, while information and education in schools is essential to protect them, D. whereas sexual orientation is a matter falling within the remit of the individual right to privacy, guaranteed by international, European and national human rights law, and equality and non-discrimination should be promoted by the public authorities, while freedom of expression should be guaranteed for the media, NGOs and individuals, E. whereas on 14 July 2009 the Lithuanian Parliament overruled the presidential veto and confirmed the amendments to the 'Law on the Protection of Minors against Detrimental Effects of Public Information' which will come into force on 1 March 2010, asserting that 'a detrimental effect on the development of minors' is caused by 'public information that agitates for homosexual [and] bisexual [...] relations' and which 'defies family values', F. whereas such provisions place any information about homosexuality on a par with such phenomena as the portrayal of physical violence, the display of a dead or cruelly mutilated body, or information that arouses fear or horror or encourages self-mutilation or suicide, G. whereas the inclusion of such vague reference to homosexuality is in striking contrast with Article 4(12) of the law, which is aimed at banning information containing 'mockery or humiliation on grounds of nationality, race, gender, origin, disability, sexual orientation, social status, language, religion, belief or attitudes', H. whereas the law does not provide any definition of 'propagating' or 'agitating for' homosexuality, heterosexuality or any other kind of sexual orientation, contradicting the principle of legal certainty according to which a law is valid where the banned acts are clearly defined in legal terms, I. whereas such amendments will result in the banning of any information on homosexuality if it can be accessed by minors, and this could be used to restrict the work