1a. Stresses that point 47 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17 May 2006 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on budgetary discipline and sound financial management should apply for the extension of tasks of the European Maritime Safety Agency; emphasises that any decision of the legislative authority in favour of such an extension of tasks shall be without prejudice to the decisions of the budgetary authority in the context of the annual budgetary procedure; Justification Reiterating Parliament's budgetary prerogatives. Amendment 2 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Recital 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3) Based on the findings of the external evaluation, the recommendations by the Administrative Board and the multi-annual strategy, some provisions of Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 should be clarified and updated. Furthermore, the Agency should receive a number of additional tasks reflecting the development of the maritime safety policy at EU and international level. Considerable screening and redeployment efforts are necessary to guarantee cost and budget efficiency. This should allow one third of additional staffing needs for new tasks to be covered through internal redeployment by the Agency. (3) Based on the findings of the external evaluation, the recommendations by the Administrative Board and the multi-annual strategy adopted by that Board in March 2010 , some provisions of Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 should be clarified and updated. Furthermore, the Agency should receive a number of additional tasks reflecting the development of the maritime safety policy at EU and international level. Considerable screening and redeployment efforts are necessary to guarantee cost and budget efficiency. This should allow one third of additional staffing needs for new tasks to be covered through internal redeployment by the Agency. Justification The legal act should be sufficiently precise when referring to the source of its contents. Amendment 3 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Recital 14 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (14a) Council Regulation (EC, Euratom) No 1605/2002 of 25 June 2002 on the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities 1 (Financial Regulation), and in particular Article 185 thereof, and the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17 May 2006 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on budgetary discipline and sound financial management 2 (IIA of 17 May 2006), and in particular point 47 thereof, should be taken into account. 1 OJ L 248, 16.9.2002, p. 1. 2