WRITTEN QUESTION E-3451/04 by Giusto Catania (GUE/NGL) to the Commission (20 December 2004) Subject: Immediate verification of environmental compatibility of Strait of Messina project Decision 884/2004/EC OJ L 167, 30.4.2004, p. 1 . of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 April 2004 on Community guidelines for the development of the trans-European transport network included the bridge over the Strait of Messina among the major EU projects connected with a north-south railway axis from Berlin to Naples, without an prior assessment of its environmental impact. The bridge over the strait is already an unsustainable project: more than € 80 million have been squandered on producing inaccurate, incomplete studies on the impact on the area (which is already vulnerable and heavily built-up) of the road and rail links to the bridge, which are more than 60 km long, with a 35-kilometre stretch running through tunnels. The seismological risks to the hydro-geological stability of the areas concerned that the works will entail have been ignored and there is no indication of how the necessary safety levels will be achieved, even during the construction phase. EPA standards have not been complied with for the infrastructure, nor have CEA standards for the macrostructure. The impact of winds and sea currents through the strait represents a threat to road and rail transit during at least 100 days a year. The proposed transport system therefore appears to be overly rigid, unacceptable from an economic point of view and in breach of the guidelines laid down for TEN-Ts. Eleven Sites of Community Importance and two Special Protection Areas are threatened with irreparable damage. Despite these serious shortcomings, the Società per il Ponte di Messina, which is in charge of the project, is awarding planning contracts in breach of Directive 2001/42/EC OJ L 197, 21.7.2001, p. 30 . , which provides for compulsory strategic environmental impact assessments, including cost-benefit analyses, consultations with residents and protection of protected areas and the socio-economic environment in areas affected by major infrastructure projects. Given the above, does the Commission intend to ask the Italian Government, the local authorities and the Società per il Ponte di Messina to comply full with Community environmental standards, with particular reference to Directive 2001/42/EC?