for priority projects set out in this Decision . (10) Appropriate priority for funding under Regulation (EC) No 2236/95 should be given to projects declared to be of European interest. Member States, when submitting projects under other Community financial instruments, should give particular attention to projects declared to be of European interest Justification Part of the text can be found in the deleted recital 11.. Amendment 4 Recital 10 a (new) (10a) For most projects declared to be of European interest, a significant current or prospective delay could be a delay expected to last between one and two years. Amendment 5 Recital 11 (11) Member States, when submitting projects under the relevant Community financial instruments, should give appropriate priority to projects covered by Annex I that meet the criteria of this Decision. deleted Amendment 6 Recital 13 (13) Where appropriate for certain priority projects, or sections of priority projects, or groups of priority projects in order to improve their preparation and implementation for the duration of the priority projects concerned, the Commission, in consultation with the Member States involved, should ensure and coordinate cooperation with users and operators, with a view to ensuring that the necessary monitoring is carried out in order to keep the Community informed of progress. In so doing, the Commission should consult, together with the Member States concerned, operators, users, regional and local authorities and representatives of civil society with a view to gaining fuller knowledge of demand for transmission services, of the constraints and of the service parameters required to optimise the use of the infrastructure concerned . (13) When projects of European interest , or sections of projects of European interest , or groups of projects of European interest encounter implementation difficulties, a European coordinator can act as a facilitator by encouraging cooperation between all parties concerned, and by ensuring that adequate monitoring is carried out in order to keep the Community informed of progress. The services of a European coordinator should also be made available to other projects, at the request of the Member States concerned . Amendment 7 Recital 17 (17) The identification of projects of common interest, their specifications and priority projects should be without prejudice to the results of the environmental impact assessment of the projects and of the plans or programmes. (17) The identification of projects of common interest, their specifications and priority projects , in particular those of