Azerbaijani authorities detained dozens of youth activists for distributing leaflets, D. whereas this is not the first time the authorities have used excess force to suppress the opposition: in October 2003, following disturbances surrounding the widely criticised presidential elections, seven members of the opposition were arrested and given five-year prison sentences but were later pardoned, E. whereas in light of the parliamentary elections to be held in November 2005, President IIham Aliyev issued an Executive Order on 11 May 2005 on 'Improvement of the Election Practices in the Republic of Azerbaijan', 1. Strongly condemns the disproportionate use of force by the police on 21 May 2005 against members of the opposition and youth movement activists exercising their right to freedom of expression and peaceful assembly; 2. Notes that the arrest and detention of opposition activists was politically motivated and calls on the Azerbaijani Government to take expedient steps to release all those still detained and to ensure that the proper legal proceedings are followed; 3. Strongly condemns the assassination of the journalist Elmar Huseynov in March 2005 and reiterates its support for pluralism, democracy and the rule of law; calls on the authorities to do everything possible to bring the perpetrators to justice; urges the government to lift restrictions imposed on the media and to curb the harassment, intimidation and detention of journalists who dare to criticise the government; 4. Urges the government to implement the Council of Europe recommendations on the treatment of political prisoners following extensive, credible allegations of torture and ill-treatment; 5. Welcomes the Presidential decree instructing the executive authorities to ensure freedom of assembly, the compilation of accurate voter lists, that each candidate has equal access to the media and that citizens are not persecuted for their political beliefs; calls on the authorities to ensure that this decree and further reforms are fully implemented in line with international standards at all levels; 6. Calls on the government to ensure that the forthcoming parliamentary elections in November will be free and fair and that opposition activists and candidates will not suffer repression in any shape or form; 7. Emphasises that the further development of EU relations with Azerbaijan will continue to depend on the progress made towards democratisation and reform in the country; 8. Supports the continuing dialogue between the Azerbaijani government and the OSCE/ODIHR and the Venice Commission of the Council of Europe, and welcomes the