Answer given by Mr Dimas on behalf of the Commission (3 December 2007) The Commission would like to remind the Honourable Member that, in the absence of provisions for forestry in the EU Treaty, forest policy is the competence of the Member States. The EU offers incentives and financial support as regards fire prevention measures, nature protection, civil protection assistance, restoration of damages and damage mapping. These instruments can be used by Member States for the development and implementation of their own national or regional forest protection plans and strategies. The Commission monitors forest fires through the European Forest Fire Information System. It is a tool not only for monitoring and forecasting forest fire risk, but also for assessing and recording damages caused by forest fires across the EU. The Commission does not, however, collect information on investigations carried out by the Member States in relation to individual forest fires and has no legal basis to intervene on the basis of such information. There is no specific Community legislation on forest safety and protection. The Commission has neither the legal basis for, nor the ability to prevent forest fires from occuring in individual areas. With regard to the military manoeuvres affecting special protected areas (SPA), it is to be underlined that following Article 7 of the Habitats Directive Council Directive 92/43/EEC of 21 May 1992 on the conservation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and flora, OJ L 206, 22.7.1992 . , the obligations arising under Article 6(2), (3) and (4) of the directive apply to the areas classified as SPA pursuant to the Birds Directive Council Directive 79/409/EEC of 2 April 1979 on the conservation of wild birds, OJ L 103, 25.4.1979 . . It should be highlighted that Article 6(3) and 6(4) of the Habitats Directive sets out a series of procedural and substantive safeguards governing plans and projects likely to have a significant effect on a Natura 2000 site. The provisions contained in this Article constitute a form of development regime, setting out the circumstances within which plans and projects with negative effects may or may not be allowed. In the light of the available information, the Commission has no factual elements to conclude that the military manoeuvres referred to by the Honourable Member are in breach of the provisions of the Birds or the Habitats Directives. Finally, the Commission would like to bring to the