of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data 1 OJ L 281, 23.11.1995, p. 31. and Regulation (EC) No 45/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 December 2000 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data by the Community institutions and bodies and on the free movement of such data 2 OJ L 8, 12.1.2001, p. 1. govern the processing of personal data, including the electronic transmission of personal data carried out in the Member States. Any processing of personal data by the registers of Member States, by the Commission and, if applicable, by any third party involved in operating the platform should take place in compliance with those acts. The implementing acts to be adopted in relation to the system of interconnection of registers should, where appropriate, ensure such compliance, in particular by establishing the relevant tasks and responsibilities of all the participants concerned and the organisational and technical rules applicable to them. (26) The system of interconnection of registers requires the Member States to make necessary adaptations consisting, in particular, in the development of an interface linking each register to the platform in order for that system to become operational. Therefore, this Directive should provide for a deferred time-limit for the transposition and application by the Member States of the provisions regarding the technical operation of that system. This time-limit should follow the adoption by the Commission of all the implementing acts concerning the technical measures and specifications for the system of interconnection of registers. The time-limit for the transposition and application of the provisions of the Directive on the technical operation of the system of interconnection of registers should be sufficient to enable Member States to accomplish the required legal and technical adaptations in order to make that system fully operational within a reasonable time-frame. (27) In accordance with the Joint Political Declaration of Member States and the Commission of 28 September 2011 on explanatory documents OJ C 369, 17.12.2011, p. 14. , Member States have undertaken to accompany, in justified cases, the notification of their transposition measures with one or more documents explaining the relationship between the components of a directive and the corresponding parts of national transposition instruments. With regard to this Directive, the legislator considers the transmission of