Building", [ "The W. W. Orr Building (also known as W. W. Orr Medical Building and W. W. Orr Doctors' Building) is a landmark building at 478 Peachtree Street NE in SoNo, Atlanta.", " The Art Deco style building was designed by architect Francis Palmer Smith of the firm of Pringle and Smith.", " The building's namesake, W. W. (Wayman W.) Orr, was the president of the Atlanta Retail Merchants' Association for several years in the 1910s.", " It is currently part of the Emory University Hospital Midtown complex.", " The building is decorated with serpents and staffs, alluding to its function as a medical building (as which it still functions)." ] ], [ "Vaibhavi Merchant", [ "Vaibhavi Merchant is an Indian dance choreographer working in Bollywood films.", " She is best known for her choreographic work in numerous Bollywood films." ] ], [ "Regions Bank Building (Mobile)", [ "The Merchants National Bank Building, previously known as the \"First Alabama Bank Building\" and more recently the \"Regions Bank Building\" is a high-rise in the US City of Mobile, Alabama.", " Completed in 1929, the building rises 236 ft and 18 stories.", " Upon its completion, the Merchants National Bank Building became the tallest building in Mobile, the seventh-tallest building in the state of Alabama, and the tallest skyscraper in the state outside Birmingham.", " The building remained the tallest in the city until the completion of the RSA–BankTrust Building in 1965.", " The Merchants National Bank Building now stands as the 6th-tallest building in Mobile." ] ], [ "Jayna Tida", [ "Jayna Tida is a British Indian Actress.", " She played the lead Ayesha Merchant in the west end Musical The Merchants of Bollywood directed by Toby Gough and Choreographed by Vaibhavi Merchant.", " Based on the true story of two notable choreographers of the Indian film industry, Hiralal Merchant and his granddaughter, Vaibhavi Merchant.", " In July 2015, she was cast as Rani Sulakshana in the period drama \"Ek Tha Raja Ek Thi Rani\".", " She has featured in multiple commercials for companies such as Honda City, Ponds and Samsung." ] ], [ "Hyatt Regency Indianapolis", [ "Hyatt Regency Indianapolis, also known as PNC Center, is a mixed use high-rise in Indianapolis, Indiana.", " The building rises 22 floors and 268 ft in height, and is currently the 17th-tallest building in the city.", " The structure was completed in