of this legislature. MEPs have adopted legislation affecting the energy, telecoms, intellectual property, financial and postal sectors, as well as the overarching directive covering the market in services. At each vote, the European Parliament has sought to balance industry needs for easier access to markets with consumers' rights to adequate protection. MEPs give green light to further liberalisation of EU electricity and gas markets Removing obstacles to the free movement of services The Services Directive removes obstacles to the free movement of services and to the establishment of service providers in other Member States. Restrictions will only be acceptable on specific grounds (public policy and security, environmental protection, public health). Member States will have to reduce red tape, for instance by the creation of a single "point of contact" (one-stop shop), so service providers will not have to deal with several different authorities at national, regional and local level. Council followed Parliament's position so the final text reflects a balance between competition and social protection. Directive adopted by EP: 15/11/2006 Transposition: 28/12/2009 MEPs give green light to further liberalisation of EU electricity and gas markets EU energy markets will become more competitive as energy companies will have to separate supply and production from transmission activities. The wide-ranging rules adopted by Parliament also improve consumer rights, strengthen the powers of national regulators and promote regional solidarity in the event of severe gas supply disruptions. Parliament backed by a large majority a compromise on the "third energy package" agreed between MEPs and the Council Presidency ahead of the EP's second-reading vote. Member States will have one and a half years to put most of the new rules into effect. Adopted 22.4.2009 Postal services fully open to competition The remaining postal service monopolies in the EU should expire by 1 January 2011, although 11 Member States have the possibility to postpone market opening until 2013, either because they joined the EU after 2004 and had difficulty in adapting their postal markets, or because they have a difficult topography (huge number of islands, small population, limited size). To avoid unfair competition, those Member States having already opened their markets can refuse authorisation to operators still protected by a national monopoly. A universal service is still guaranteed: letters should go on being both delivered and collected at least once a day, at least five days a week, for every EU citizen, in remote areas as