law and order and the safeguarding of internal security, at least in so far as fundamental rights are concerned; 16. Calls on the Council to adopt a legally binding instrument on the data protection standards to be applied in the third pillar which affords guarantees equivalent to the provisions of Directive 95/46/EC OJ L 281, 23.11.1995, p. 31. ; 17. Calls on the Council to adopt uniform standards, procedures, powers and a separate budget for the operation of the single supervisory body, under the supervision of the European Parliament, in respect of its activities pursuant to the three conventions (Schengen, Europol and Customs Use) and to ensure the respect of the data protection standards laid down in Article 8 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights; 18. Calls in the meantime for the strengthening of the competences of the Schengen Joint Supervisory Authority in order to enable it to monitor the Schengen Information System in a more effective and efficient way; 19. Calls for the Schengen Information System to be managed within the EU framework by a separate agency, financed from the EU budget, and for the establishment of a Community (Union) information system under the responsibility of the Commission, which would be a single computer network system for the data received under the three conventions (Schengen, Europol and Customs Use), taking into account the need to keep the respective data separate and the need to ensure the functional separation (access levels, security system, etc.) required by end-user services, both within the Community framework and under the third pillar; 20. Calls for the membership of the candidate countries to be subject only to the political acceptance of the Schengen acquis and the development of the necessary policy instruments to implement that acquis and, as was the case on the occasion of the previous accessions, for the actual lifting of internal borders for the free movement of persons to be the subject of a separate and subsequent decision of the Council, acting on a proposal from the Commission and after consultation of the Parliament; 21. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council, the Commission and Schengen Joint Supervisory Authority.