of major projects. 3. The decision designating the European coordinator shall specify how the coordinator is to perform his tasks. 4. The European Coordinator shall: (a) promote the European dimension of the project and the cross-border dialogue between project promoters and the people concerned, (b) contribute to the coordination of the national procedures for consulting the people concerned, and (c) submit a report to the Commission every year on the progress of the project(s) for which he has been designated and on any difficulties and obstacles which are likely to result in a significant delay; the Commission will transmit this report to the Member States concerned; 5. The Member States concerned shall cooperate with the European Coordinator in his execution of the tasks referred to in paragraph 4. 6. The Commission may request the opinion of the European Coordinator when examining applications for Community funding for projects or groups of projects for which he has been designated. 7. In order to avoid unnecessary administrative burden, the level of co-ordination must be proportionate to the costs of the project. Amendment 15 Article 8, paragraph 1, point (b) (b) facilitating implementation of the authorization procedures for projects on trans European energy networks in order to reduce delays; (b) facilitating implementation of the authorization procedures for projects on trans-European energy networks in order to reduce delays , especially as regards projects of European interest ; Amendment 16 Annex I, title TRANS-EUROPEAN ENERGY NETWORKS Axes for Priority projects as defined in Article 7 Priority projects included on each axis are listed TRANS-EUROPEAN ENERGY NETWORKS Priority project axes , including sites of projects of European interest , as defined in Articles 7 and 7a . The priority projects, including projects of European interest, to be carried out on each priority axis, are listed below. Amendment 17 Annex I Priority projects include: Including the following projects of European interest: (This amendment applies to the whole of Annex I; its adoption will require corresponding changes throughout the Annex) EXPLANATORY STATEMENT It is worth recapitulating the objectives of this proposal for a decision. The aim is to adapt the guidelines to the new shape of a European Union of 25 Member States, allow funding to be earmarked for projects of common interest, enable the internal market in gas and electricity to be completed, and, above all, to guarantee security of supply by means of interconnections between Member States