Commission of the full name and address of these authorities. 2. Each Member State shall notify to the other Member States and to the Commission the list of approved laboratories, with their full name and address, that are competent and authorised to carry out the tests required by this Regulation. Member States shall demonstrate the competence of the above laboratories according to the standard EN ISO/IEC 17025 mentioned in Annex I.1. This requirement shall be deemed to be fulfilled if the Member State has verified the compliance of laboratories with the principles of good laboratory practice in accordance with Article 2 of Directive 2004/9/EC. 3. Where the competent authority of a Member State has grounds for believing that an approved laboratory does not possess the competence referred to in paragraph 2, it shall raise the matter in the Committee referred to in Article 12. If the Commission decides that the laboratory does not possess the required competence, the name of the approved laboratory shall be removed from the list referred to in paragraph 4. Article 15(2) shall apply, except in the case of laboratories claiming compliance with the requirements of good laboratory practice, for which the non-compliance provisions of Articles 5 and 6 of Directive 2004/9/EC shall apply. 4. The Commission shall publish the lists of competent authorities, mentioned in paragraph 1, and of approved laboratories, mentioned in paragraph 2, once a year in the Official Journal of the European Union to the extent that changes have occurred. Article 9 Information to be provided by manufacturers 1. Without prejudice to Article 17 of Directive 1999/45/EC, manufacturers placing on the market the substances and/or preparations covered by this Regulation shall hold at the disposal of the competent authorities of the Member States: – information on one or more results of the tests mentioned in Annex III; – for those surfactants failing to pass tests mentioned in Annex III, and for which a request for derogation was made as referred to in Article 5: i) a technical file on results of the tests mentioned in Annex II, ii) a technical file on results of the tests and information mentioned in Annex IV. 2. Whenever substances and/or preparations covered by this Regulation are placed on the market, the manufacturer shall be responsible for the correct performance of the relevant tests mentioned above. He shall also have available documentation on the testing carried out