Alves , Marian Harkin , Karima Delli , Evžen Tošenovský , Joe Higgins , Paul Nuttall , Corneliu Vadim Tudor , János Áder , Kriton Arsenis , Giommaria Uggias , Michèle Rivasi , Mirosław Piotrowski , Ilda Figueiredo , John Bufton , Krisztina Morvai , Jarosław Kalinowski , Vilija Blinkevičiūtė , Jelko Kacin , Marek Henryk Migalski , Kyriacos Triantaphyllides , Nick Griffin , João Ferreira , Nuno Teixeira , Estelle Grelier , Elżbieta Katarzyna Łukacijewska , Kinga Gál , José Manuel Fernandes , Sophie Briard Auconie and Bogusław Sonik . The President recalled the provisions of the Rules of Procedure applicable to one-minute speeches. 20 Third country nationals subject to or exempt from a visa requirement when crossing external borders * (debate) Report on the proposal for a Council regulation amending Regulation (EC) No 539/2001 listing the third countries whose nationals must be in possession of visas when crossing the external borders and those whose nationals are exempt from that requirement [ COM(2009)0366 - C7-0112/2009 - 2009/0104(CNS) ] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Tanja Fajon ( A7-0042/2009 ) Tanja Fajon introduced the report. The following spoke: Anna Maria Corazza Bildt , who regretted that the Presidency-in-Office of the Council had not been invited to participate in the debate. The following spoke: Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission) . The following spoke: Sarah Ludford (rapporteur for the opinion of the AFET Committee), Anna Maria Corazza Bildt , on behalf of the PPE Group, Claude Moraes , on behalf of the S Group, Ulrike Lunacek , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Doris Pack , Kinga Göncz , Emine Bozkurt and Zoran Thaler . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Kinga Gál , Axel Voss , Elżbieta Katarzyna Łukacijewska and Cristian Dan Preda . The following spoke: Jacques Barrot . IN THE CHAIR: Alejo VIDAL-QUADRAS Vice-President The following spoke: Tanja Fajon . The debate closed. Vote: minutes of 12.11.2009, item 8.1 . 21 Medium-term financial assistance for Member States' balances of payments and social conditionality (debate) Oral question ( O-0102/2009 ) by Tatjana Ždanoka , Jean Lambert , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Alejandro Cercas , on behalf of the S Group, Marian Harkin and Elizabeth Lynne , on behalf of the ALDE Group , to the Commission: Medium-term financial assistance for Member States' balances of payments and social conditionality ( B7-0215/2009 ) Tatjana