1 The Member States shall ensure that the applicant and/or the members of his/her family have the de facto and de jure right to apply to the courts where an application for family reunification is rejected or a residence permit is either not renewed or is withdrawn or removal is ordered. Any decision as a result of which an application for family reunification is rejected or a residence permit is either not renewed or is withdrawn or removal is ordered must be duly substantiated . The person concerned shall be notified of the decision in writing. This notification shall specify the appeal procedures available, and the time limits for lodging such appeals with the administrative and judicial authorities of the Member State in question. Justification The basic principle of the rule of law in any country is that that country should be governed by and subject to its own legal norms, and consequently that any administrative or judicial decision affecting the subjective rights of individuals should be adopted in accordance with procedures over which both administrative and judicial control can be exercised. Amendment 67 Article 18, title Article 19 Article 19 Reports Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 68 Article 19 From time to time , and for the first time no later than two years after the deadline set by Article 20, the Commission shall report to the European Parliament and the Council on the application of this Directive in the Member States and shall propose such amendments as may appear necessary. These proposals for amendments shall be made by way of priority in relation to Articles 3, 4, 7, 8 and 13. Every five years , and for the first time no later than two years after the deadline set by Article 20, the Commission shall report to the European Parliament and the Council on the application of this Directive in the Member States and shall propose such amendments as may appear necessary. These proposals for amendments shall be made by way of priority in relation to Articles 3, 4, 7, 8 and 13. The Member States shall supply the Commission with all the information needed to draw up that report. Justification The Member States should have to send all the relevant information on implementation of the directive to the Commission so that it can draw up a report on the subject. Amendment