for the legal use of an active substance in that country; f) other legitimate factors relevant to the matter under consideration. 3. The Commission may request at any time that supplementary information be provided by the applicant or by the Authority. The Commission shall make available any supplementary information received to the Member States and the Authority. Article 15 Inclusion of new or modified MRLs in Annexes II and III 1. The Regulation referred in Article 14(1) shall: a) set new or modified MRLs and list them in Annex II to this Regulation where the active substances have been included in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC; or b) where the active substances have not been included in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC and where they are not included in Annex II to this Regulation, set or modify temporary MRLs and list them in Annex III to this Regulation; or c) in the cases mentioned in Article 16, set temporary MRLs and list them in Annex III to this Regulation. 2. Where a temporary MRL is set as provided for in paragraph 1(b), it shall be deleted from Annex III by a Regulation one year after the date of the inclusion or non-inclusion in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC of the active substance concerned, in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2) of this Regulation. However, where one or more Member States so request, it may be maintained for an additional year pending confirmation that any scientific studies necessary for supporting an application for setting a MRL have been undertaken. In cases where such confirmation is provided, the temporary MRL shall be maintained for a further two years, provided that no unacceptable safety concerns for the consumer have been identified. Article 16 Procedure for setting temporary MRLs in certain circumstances 1. The Regulation referred to in Article 14(1) may also set a temporary MRL to be included in Annex III in the following circumstances: a) in exceptional cases, in particular where pesticide residues may arise as a result of environmental or other contamination or from uses of plant protection products pursuant to Article 8(4) of Directive 91/414/EEC; or b) where the products concerned constitute a minor component of the diet of consumers , and do not constitute a major part of the diet of relevant subgroups, and where relevant, of animals; or c) for honey; or d) for herbal