amended proposal ( COM(2001) 273 ) OJ C 213, 31.7.2001, p. 298. , – having regard to Article 251(2) of the EC Treaty, – having regard to Rule 78 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the recommendation for second reading of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism ( A5‑0052/2002 ), 1. Approves the common position; 2. Notes that the act is adopted in accordance with the common position; 3. Instructs its President to sign the act with the President of the Council pursuant to Article 254(1) of the EC Treaty; 4. Instructs its Secretary-General duly to sign the act and, in agreement with the Secretary-General of the Council, to have it published in the Official Journal of the European Communities; 5. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council and Commission. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT The main objective of the proposed Regulation is to align the existing Council Regulation (EC) No 2027/97 on air carrier liability in the event of accidents with the provisions of the Montreal Convention, which was agreed on 28 May 1999. The terrorist attacks committed in New York and Washington on 11 September 2001, have severely shaken the international community. Despite the problems the airline industry is now facing, the Montreal liability regime should be put in place as soon as possible, and the Member States should pursue the ratification proceedings of the Montreal Convention. At all times, a high uniform level of protection of the European citizen should be ensured in civil aviation. In its common position adopted on 19 December 2001, the Council has taken on all 18 amendments proposed by the Parliament. Even though some of the Parliament's amendments have been slightly modified, the modifications improve the text and consist mainly of drafting changes. The Council welcomed the suggestion of the Parliament concerning an information notice to be added in the Annex of the Regulation, because it simplifies and clarifies the information regarding air carrier liability that must be provided by Community air carriers. The Council has added two recitals. Recital 7 underlines that the amended Regulation will reinforce the protection of passengers and their dependants. Recital 11 provides that a Community air carrier can only avail itself of unlimited liability in the case where it can prove that the damage was not due to the negligence or other wrongful act or omission of the carrier or its