of foodstuffs. In view of their specific character, however, special additional provisions should be adopted for traditional specialities guaranteed. In order to make for easier and quicker identification of traditional specialities guaranteed produced within the Community, use of the expressions and the specific Community symbol associated with the relevant traditional speciality guaranteed should be made obligatory on their labelling, while affording operators a reasonable amount of time to adjust to this requirement. Amendment 2 Recital 7 a (new) (7a) With regard to the extension of the scope of application of this Regulation to products from third countries, and in order to safeguard consumers against the risk of confusion between the Community symbol and the origin of the product, the label should indicate the place of origin and the place of processing of the agricultural product or foodstuff marketed, with an indication of the traditional speciality guaranteed. Amendment 3 Article 2, paragraph 1, point (b) (b) "traditional" means proven usage on the Community market for a period at least equal to that generally ascribed to a human generation; (b) "traditional" means a product that has proven specific characteristics which distinguish it from other similar products in the same category, and that has been used on the market since before the Second World War; Amendment 4 Article 3, paragraph 1 The Commission shall keep a register of the traditional specialities guaranteed recognised throughout the Community under this Regulation. The Commission shall keep a register of the traditional specialities guaranteed recognised throughout the Community under this Regulation and publish it on the Internet . Amendment 5 Article 3, paragraph 2 a (new) In no circumstances shall it be permitted to use names that have been registered as products of designated origin (PDOs) or products of geographical indication (PGIs). Amendment 6 Article 7, paragraph 3, point (d a) (new) (da) any other information which, on duly justified grounds, the Member State considers to be necessary. Amendment 7 Article 7, paragraph 5, subparagraph 1 5. When undertaking the scrutiny referred to in the second subparagraph of paragraph 4, Member States shall introduce a national objection procedure ensuring adequate publication of the application and providing for a reasonable period in which any legitimately concerned individual established on its territory may lodge an objection to the application. 5. When undertaking the scrutiny referred to in the second subparagraph of paragraph 4, Member States shall introduce a national