where appropriate, to make recommendations to the international community, C. whereas the first IGF was held in Athens from 30 October to 2 November 2006, identifying some of the issues and forms of debate, such as dynamic coalitions, which were looked at in greater depth in Rio and are to be pursued in future IGFs, D. whereas the second IGF was held in Rio de Janeiro from 12 to 15 November 2007, attracting more than 2000 participants, E. whereas the ad hoc delegations it has sent have played a pivotal role regarding the promotion of European values and the interaction with civil society organisations and representatives of national parliaments present at these events, in cooperation with the Commission, F. whereas Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) have a key role to play in achieving the Millennium Development Goals, G. whereas one of Europe's main concerns regarding ICTs is the bridging of the digital divide both at regional and global level, H. whereas the top priorities for the European Union and the Council of Europe during the second IGF were the protection of children on the Web, the protection and promotion of freedom of expression, the need to guarantee openness and accessibility to make diversity possible, IP addressing and numbering, and the Internet of Things linked to the broader issue of RFID, I. whereas these issues will be tackled again in the next IGF, to be convened in Delhi from 8 to 11 December 2008, 1. Considers that, although the IGF is not to adopt formal conclusions, the European Union's responsibility is to support this process, as it gives a positive and concrete context to the shaping of the Internet's future on the basis of a multi-stakeholder approach; 2. Stresses that lessons can already be learnt from the fruitful exchanges held in the context of the IGF up to now, and put in motion, notably on electronic communications regulatory aspects and data security and privacy issues; underlines the need to secure an open and independent Internet in the future, based on the initiatives and needs of the stakeholders, as well as freedom of expression; 3. Calls on the EU institutions concerned to take the Tunis agenda into consideration in their legislative work, such as the revision of the electronic telecommunications framework, the revision of i2010 and any upcoming ICT legislative proposals; emphasises the means of making the Internet more accessible for more