Authority. Article 32 The Annual Report on Pesticide Residues 1. On the basis of the information provided by the Member States under Article 31(1) the Authority shall draw up an Annual Report on pesticide residues. 2. The Authority shall include information on at least the following in the Annual Report: a) an analysis of the results of the controls provided for in Article 26(2); b) a statement of the possible reasons why the MRLs were exceeded, together with any appropriate observations regarding risk management options; c) an analysis of chronic and acute risks to the health of consumers from pesticide residues; d) an assessment of consumer exposure to pesticide residues based on the information provided under point (a) and any other relevant available information, including reports submitted under Directive 96/23/EC. 3. Where a Member State has not provided information in accordance with Article 31, the Authority may disregard the information relating to that Member State when compiling the Annual Report. 4. The format of the Annual Report may be decided in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2). 5. The Authority shall submit the Annual Report to the Commission by the last day of February each year. 6. The Annual Report may include an opinion on the pesticides to be covered in future programmes. 7. The Authority shall make public the Annual Report, as well as any comments by the Commission or Member States. Article 33 Submission of the Annual Report on Pesticide Residues to the Committee The Commission shall submit the Annual Report on Pesticide Residues to the Committee referred to in Article 45(1) without delay, for review and recommendations on any necessary measures to be taken regarding reported infringements of the MRLs set out in Annexes II and III. SECTION 5 Sanctions Article 34 Sanctions The Member States shall lay down rules on the sanctions applicable to infringements of the provisions of this Regulation and shall take all measures necessary to ensure that they are implemented. The sanctions provided for must be effective, proportionate and dissuasive. The Member States shall notify those rules and any subsequent amendment to the Commission without delay. CHAPTER VI EMERGENCY MEASURES Article 35 Emergency measures Articles 53 and 54 of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 shall apply where, as a result of new information or of a reassessment of existing information, pesticide residues or MRLs covered by this Regulation may endanger human