all ports falling within the scope of the present Directive and to impose on ports transparency rules that are not less strict than those laid down in the Commission Directive 2000/52/EC . (18) Commission Directive 2000/52/EC of 26 July 2000 amending Directive 80/723/EEC on the transparency of financial relations between Member States and public undertakings( 1 ) lays down, for a certain number of undertakings, the obligation to maintain separate accounts which only applies to undertakings whose total annual turnover for each of the last two years exceeded EUR 40 million. To establish conditions for fair competition among and within European ports and port systems, that Directive should be applied to all ports or port systems belonging to the trans-European port network. In the light of the introduction of the freedom to provide port services in the Community, it is necessary to ensure that the principle of separation of accounts applies to all ports falling within the scope of this Directive. ______________ ( 1 )OJ L 193, 29.7.2000, p. 75. Amendment 10 Recital 20 (20) Self-handling should be allowed and any criteria set for self-handlers should not be stricter than those set for providers of port services for the same or a comparable kind of service. (20) Self-handling should , in accordance with the criteria laid down in this Directive, be allowed and any criteria set for self-handlers should not be stricter than those set for providers of port services for the same or a comparable kind of service. Amendment 11 Recital 21 (21) Authorisations granted through a selection procedure should be limited in time. It is reasonable to take into account, when determining the period of authorisation, whether the provider has had to invest in assets or not and, where this is the case, whether these assets are moveable or not. Although such procedure should lead to an adequate outcome, it is nevertheless necessary to set maximum periods of authorisation. (21) Authorisations granted through a selection procedure should be limited in time. It is reasonable to take into account, when determining the period of authorisation, whether the provider has had to invest in assets or not and, where this is the case, whether these assets are moveable or not. Amendment 12 Recitals 22, 23 and 24 (22) The current situation in the Community ports, with its multitude of authorisation and selection methods and periods, requires that clear transition periods