to prevent individual airports abusing a dominant position on the market. The rules apply to airports with an annual throughput of over five million passengers per year (or at least the biggest airport in each Member State) and provides for mechanisms for resolving disputes between users and airports. The British and Irish airports affected are : Belfast, Birmingham, Bristol, Dublin, East Midlands, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Liverpool, London Gatwick, London Heathrow, London Luton, London Stansted, Manchester and Newcastle. Directive, adopted by EP 22.10.2008. Applicable from: end of 2010 Parliament sinks port services proposals The European Parliament for a second time torpedoed proposals on market access to port services. Many MEPs demanded in its place legislation on fair competition between ports. A number of MEPs were against opening pilot services to competition and were concerned with the social implications of self-handling proposals. Rejection by EP: 18.1.2006 Better protection for pedestrians and cyclists The European Parliament endorsed plans to reduce the number of pedestrians and cyclists injured on Europe's roads by introducing tougher standards on the safety of motor vehicles, for example through compulsory introduction of brake-assist systems and frontal protection systems. Each year 8,000 pedestrians and cyclists are killed and 300,000 injured across the EU. Regulation adopted by EP 18.6.2008; Applicable 9 months after publication (around November 2009) Higher safety standards for road infrastructure MEPs endorsed a directive promoting EU-wide standards on road infrastructure management. Member States must ensure that signs are in place to warn road users of repair work. The Directive also covers safe parking areas, crash barriers, road safety impact assessments and safety inspections. Currently, safety standards for roads and road design maintenance differ greatly between the Member States. Directive adopted by EP: 19. June 2008 (1st reading) Newly issued driving licences in credit-card format from 2013 As from 2013, all newly issued or replacement driving licences will be in a single EU-wide credit card format. The new format will replace the more than 110 existing different models in the Member States. Directive, adopted by EP: 14.12.2006 Applicable from: 19.1.2013 Better accident compensation for ship passengers under third maritime package Compensation for passengers in the event of shipping accidents and an EU blacklist of substandard ships are among highlights of the third maritime package, a long-awaited raft of legislation that was adopted by the European Parliament. The seven pieces of legislation in the package - also known as "Erika III"