of Iranian crude oil and petrochemical products from Iran into the EU; whereas the oil embargo will take away 20 percent of Iran's current oil sales; whereas the Council also froze the assets of the Iranian central bank within the EU and banned the delivery of Iranian-denominated banknotes and coinage to the Iranian central bank; G. whereas a senior commander of the Revolutionary Guard force has been quoted saying that Tehran's leadership has decided to order the closure of the Strait of Hormuz, if the country's petroleum exports are blocked and whereas French and British warships joined a US carrier aircraft group on 22 January 2012 and passed through the Strait of Hormuz; H. whereas the Obama Administration reacted by warning that closing the Strait of Hormuz was a ‘red line’ that would provoke an American response, whereas Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said that the U.S. would ‘take action and reopen the strait’, which could be accomplished only by military means, including minesweepers, warship escorts and potentially airstrikes; I. whereas experience shows that the sanctions against Iran have not produced any useful result for the solution of the dispute over Iran's nuclear programme; whereas the new sanctions are counterproductive since they give the government the best argument that Iran is under threat and needs nuclear deterrence and weaken the democratic forces in the country; J. whereas the new sanctions will increase considerably the hardship for the general population as the Iranian economy depends with some 80% on the oil revenues; K. whereas the human rights situation in Iran is continuing to deteriorate, with no indication from the Iranian Government that it intends to address the legitimate demands of the civil society for the respect of democratic and human rights; 1. Expresses its serious preoccupation at the political and military escalation of the relations between Iran and the United States and EU Member States; calls on both sides to restrain from any measures which could further deepen the tensions, to reduce the military presence in the region and to return to the negotiation table; 2. Insists on a peaceful political settlement to the dispute over Iran's nuclear programmes; reaffirms its opposition to any military action or threat of use of force and warns that any military action would lead to a deeper crisis with severe repercussions for peace and stability in the region;