P5_TA(2001)0019 Rapid reaction facility * A5-0392/2000 Proposal for a Council regulation creating the Rapid Reaction Facility ( COM(2000) 119 - C5-0272/2000 - 2000/0081(CNS) ) The proposal was amended as follows: Text proposed by the Commission OJ C 311 E, 31.10.2000, p. 213. Amendments by Parliament (Amendment 1) Recital 1 (1) The aim of preserving peace and liberty is expressed in the preamble to the Treaty establishing the European Community. (1) In several parts of the world the Community is pursuing policies of development aid, macro-financial aid, economic, regional and technical cooperation aid, reconstruction aid, aid for refugees and displaced persons, and support measures for consolidating democracy and the rule of law, respect for human rights and basic freedoms. (Amendment 2) Recital 2 (2) The Community is concerned that the spread of crises affecting political and social stability and security jeopardise not only international peace and security but also the principles of liberty, democracy, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms and the rule of law. (2) The aims of assistance and cooperation programmes and/or the conditions for their proper implementation may be threatened or directly affected by the emergence of crisis or conflict situations, and by imminent or actual attacks on public order, security and particularly personal safety. (Amendment 3) Recital 3 (3) In the interests of fostering sustainable economic and social development, there is a need to prevent the crises from spreading or escalating into armed conflicts. (3) There is therefore a need to set up machinery, in support of current Community policies and programmes, to enable the Community to take urgent action to help re-establish or safeguard normal implementing conditions for the policies in hand, in order to preserve their effectiveness. (Amendment 4) Recital 3a (new) (3a) Priority must be given to non-military crisis management including adequate budgetary funding. (Amendment 5) Recital 5 (5) The Report of the Presidency on non-military crisis management attached to the above conclusions further explains that "Rapid financing mechanisms such as the creation by the Commission of a Rapid Reaction Fund should be set up to allow the acceleration of the provision of finance to support EU activities, to contribute to operations run by other international organisations and to fund NGO activities, as appropriate". (5) The machinery must in particular make it possible, by means of fast-track decision-making mechanisms, to rapidly mobilise and commit financial and other resources that are available under these