manoeuvre for DG Research who simply will get the funds remaining to make up the total of the financial envelope for FP6. The rapporteur would therefore like to analyse what extra effort, if any, could be provided to boost the Lisbon Strategy in addition to already fixed programmes. He also notes that in the PDB a reduction is actually proposed for policy area 10, Direct Research, of - 9.9 % (-36 million). The rapporteur considers that this needs to be further analysed. Education and Culture - Policy Area 15 42. The total amount allocated in the PDB amounts to EUR 793.2 million which constitutes in nominal terms a decrease of - EUR 8.3 million (-1% ). On a more positive note, overall payments increase by 5.1% to a total of EUR 764.9 million. The policy is characterised by some significant differences between the various programmes. 43. The rapporteur notes that appropriations for SOCRATES (EUR 345.5 million) are maintained at practically the same level as in 2005, i.e. a reduction in real terms. SOCRATES comprises different actions including for example: Erasmus (higher education) and Comenius (school education) etc. The rapporteur will need to analyse also the component parts in greater detail but already now it can be said that the Erasmus programme is of high European importance and the rapporteur would consider it a priority for further action. The rapporteur considers that extended mobility actions for the secondary school level and measures for young entrepreneurs should be envisaged. 44. The rapporteur also highlights the worrying reduction of the YOUTH programme which comes down to EUR 98.1 million in the PDB (- 8.65 million). This is not only contradictory to the idea of a true Youth Pact and the Parliament's APS resolution but, somewhat surprisingly, seems to go against even the Commission priority in its own APS communication. 45. The rapporteur does not consider that the PDB lives up to the expectations that can rightly be expected from the young people of Europe in this field and the possibility to open a negotiating element with Council aiming to find a suitable solution to increase the co-decided reference amounts in SOCRATES and YOUTH, in accordance with a real "European Youth Pact" and as an anticipation of probable higher levels of these programmes for the period after 2006, should be considered. 46. The rapporteur notes that vocational training in the LEONARDO programme is reduced