majority of the component Members of Parliament. The President of the Council and the President of the Commission shall be notified of the result of the vote. Rule 107a Nomination of Judges and Advocates-General at the Court of Justice of the European Union On a proposal of its committee responsible, Parliament shall appoint its nominee to the panel of seven persons charged with scrutinising the suitability of candidates to hold the office of Judge or Advocate-General of the Court of Justice and the General Court. Rule 108 Appointment of the Members of the Court of Auditors 1. Candidates nominated as Members of the Court of Auditors shall be invited to make a statement before the committee responsible and to answer questions put by members. The committee shall vote on each nomination separately by secret ballot. 2. The committee responsible shall make a recommendation to Parliament, in the form of a report containing a separate proposal for a decision on each nomination as to whether the nomination should be approved. 3. The vote in plenary shall take place within two months of receipt of the nomination unless Parliament, at the request of the committee responsible, a political group or at least 40 Members, decides otherwise. Parliament shall vote on each nomination separately by secret ballot and shall take its decision by a majority of the votes cast. 4. If the opinion adopted by Parliament on an individual nomination is unfavourable, the President shall ask the Council to withdraw its nomination and to submit a new nomination to Parliament. Rule 109 Appointment of the Members of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank 1. The candidate nominated as President of the European Central Bank shall be invited to make a statement before the committee responsible and to answer questions put by members. 2. The committee responsible shall make a recommendation to Parliament as to whether the nomination should be approved. 3. The vote shall take place within two months of receipt of the nomination unless Parliament, at the request of the committee responsible, a political group or at least 40 Members, decides otherwise. 4. If the opinion adopted by Parliament is unfavourable, the President shall ask the Council to withdraw its nomination and to submit a new nomination to Parliament. 5. The same procedure shall apply for nominations for Vice-President and other Executive Board Members of the European Central Bank. CHAPTER