to the technical safety of vehicles; before 2010, consideration must be given to further developing the relevant legislation; in that connection, the testing of electronic vehicle safety systems (e-safety systems), a uniform system of annual checks on vehicles over eight years old and special checks on vehicles which have been involved in serious accidents have a particularly important role to play in further improving safety on Europe's roads; 47. Invites the Commission and EUROSTAT to improve statistics on road accidents e.g. by - basing them additionally on age and gender, - better including real numbers of vulnerable road accidents' victims, such as pedestrians and cyclists, - harmonising criteria of death by road accident, based on periods of survival after the accident; 48. Calls on the Commission to develop a long-term road safety strategy going beyond 2010 and setting out the steps required for the avoidance of all fatalities and serious injuries caused by road accidents ('zero vision'); 49. Calls on the Member States to acknowledge the dangers inherent in driving vehicles (in particular commercial vehicles) with snow and ice on their roofs and, on that basis, to draw up recommendations for the establishment of a comprehensive network of 'snow removal areas'; technical alternatives should be considered and/or supported; 50. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council and Commission and to the governments and parliaments of the Member States. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 1. Road safety within the EU The mid-term review of the Road Safety Action Programme highlights the progress which has been made in tackling the problem of the number of deaths and injuries on our roads. It is true that traffic on the roads has trebled in the last three decades (1970-2000) while the number of fatal accidents has halved, but the review stresses that much more still needs to be done if we are to achieve the Community’s objective of halving the number of fatal accidents by 2010, since there are still 40 000 registered road fatalities every year. Moreover, the policy measures taken in the field of road safety cannot compare either in number or in effectiveness with those taken to protect citizens in other policy areas. The European Community has taken significant steps to combat a long list of threats to the health and well-being of citizens, but in the field of road safety there is still much room for improvement. Road accidents are