and approval by seven signatories. The priority objective of NAFO is to contribute through consultation and cooperation to the optimum utilisation and rational management and conservation of the fishery resources of the Convention Area NAFO and the promotion of ideas for international collaboration to improve the sustainable management of marine resources in the high seas based on the scientific research fundamentals. The Contracting Parties to the Convention adopted the "Amendment to the Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries" (the Amendment) at the Annual Meetings of NAFO in 2007 (English version) and in 2008 (French version). The Amendment revises the Convention comprehensively with the primary purpose of making it more in line with other regional Conventions and international instruments and of incorporating modern concepts on fisheries management. The Amendment thus streamlines the structure of the organisation, introduces: Clear definitions of the responsibilities of Contracting Parties, Flag States and Port States, provides for a more coherent decision making process. (1) The structure of NAFO has been streamlined to better suit the needs of the organisation. In particular, the two decision bodies in the current structure, General Council and the Fisheries Commission, have been merged into one body. (2) The budget contribution formula has been modernised to reflect the user pay principle in relation to the services provided to the Contracting Parties of NAFO. (3) New definitions on the obligations of Contracting Parties, Flag States and Port States have been introduced in line with international developments to provide clear guidance on the rights and obligations of the Contracting Parties of NAFO. (4) The decision making process has been reviewed, in particular to bring more clarity as regards the obligations of Contracting Parties wishing to make an objection to Conservation and management measures adopted by NAFO. (5) A new dispute settlement procedure established under the Convention will allow the expeditious settlement of disputes, which would be in the interest of the European Union. Taking into account the fishing possibilities accruing to the European Union under the Convention, your rapporteur considers it is in the EU's interest to approve the proposed Amendment to the Convention. Nevertheless, the rapporteur should mention the key problem raised by the approval of the Convention. The Contracting Parties to the Convention adopted the "Amendment to the Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries" (the Amendment) at the Annual Meetings of NAFO in 2007