2002/C 205 E/284 WRITTEN QUESTION P-1132/02 by Bart Staes (Verts/ALE) to the Commission (15 April 2002) Subject: Access to information about the STAR 21 talks On 6 July 2001 the new Advisory Group STAR 21 met for the first time. Its purpose is to ascertain whether the existing political and regulatory framework needs to be amended to enable the aerospace and defence industries to remain competitive. The Advisory Group originally hoped to adopt recommendations in around March 2002. Its tasks include reviewing procurement policy and cross-border trade in military equipment. STAR 21 includes no fewer than five European Commissioners and seven of the most prominent captains of industry in the aerospace and defence industries. It also includes two Members of the European Parliament (not appointed by the European Parliament) and the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy. There are no representatives of the civil sector or NGOs. Yet in many cases it is left to NGOs to take care of victims of arms exports for which excessively lax controls on arms exports are to blame. The view taken by the defence industry in this connection is all too clear: it wishes to secure the elimination of as many barriers to exports as possible. The aerospace and defence industries do not automatically serve the interests of Europe, but are primarily concerned with increasing the value of their shares. The results of the STAR 21 talks between senior representatives of the defence industry and Members of the Commission will undoubtedly affect the future European security and defence policy. Yet they are being held in comparative secrecy. Will the Commission forward the reports of the STAR 21 Advisory Group to the European Parliament? Can the Commission give a progress report on its work? Why, when such an important area of policy is under debate, have no representatives of civil society been invited to sit on the Advisory Group? How will it seek the advice of NGOs on amendments to the political and regulatory framework for procurement policy and cross-border trade in military equipment?