the aviation sector has several negative environmental effects, in particular as a source of noise and as a contributor, like other modes of transport, to climate change, and that these effects will increase with the growth of aviation. The House underlines the need for both the EU and the US side to take effective measures to reduce the negative environmental impact of aviation, without prior exclusion of any regulatory, financial or other instrument to achieve this goal. MEPs welcome the Commission's proposal to include aviation in the European emissions trading system to reduce the impact of the aviation sector on climate change. The House calls on both parties to exchange best practices on noise reduction, acknowledging differences in local circumstances. British Labour MEP sounds a note of caution Brian Simpson (Labour, North West) said during the debate on 13 March: "With over 40% of the EU-US market, this particular agreement is of great interest, of course, to the United Kingdom. While I accept that the agreement could deliver some benefits to consumers, it has still to my mind failed to address some fundamental issues and has a number of question markets over it. In particular, the deal falls well short of providing the kind of access to the US market that a number of EU carriers would like. It does little with regard to ownership of US airlines and appears little different from previous deals rejected by the European Union. So, in my opinion, those who enthusiastically welcomed this agreement may need to pause a little and examine it in more detail to see what it delivers for the EU. I know the ultimate goal is to create an open aviation area with the US and I indeed support any agreement that would unlock the transatlantic aviation market. But the question is: does this deal help deliver that? To me it is a deal that promises the EU jam tomorrow and gives the US the jam today. However, if this agreement does go ahead, then we must ensure that a clear timetable is quickly put in place with real and serious incentives on both sides to move forward to a second stage deal that delivers a fully open aviation market. In short, I do not think this deal is a disaster, but it is not as great as the Commission would have you believe. It is merely a first step