Answer given by Mr Michel on behalf of the Commission (21 May 2008) The Côte d'Ivoire has been a recipient of European Development Funds (EDF) since the entry into force of the Treaty of Rome and currently, as signatory to the African, Caribbean and Pacific States (ACP) — EC Partnership (Cotonou) Agreement, under the Ninth EDF. It also benefits from programmes and projects financed under the various Thematic Budget Lines. In the five years 2002/07 the total of financial aid allocated under these arrangements was in the order of EUR 400 million as a contribution to the government's ‘Programme de Sortie de Crise’. As with all external cooperation programmes, controls to ensure compliance with the relevant financial regulations are systematically carried out by Commission officials with the assistance of independent external auditors. The Commission uses a full range of checks and systems to ensure that aid is used for its intended purposes — before each transaction is authorised, the Commission carries out thorough financial and contractual checks; — regular reporting from the Commission's in-country delegations on the progress of projects and programmes provides additional assurance that the goods and services have actually been provided, and this is reinforced by regular field visits by external experts as part of the results-oriented monitoring system, to check that the objectives set for the projects are being achieved. The overall results of these monitoring visits are published each year in the Commission's report on development policy and the implementation of external assistance. The system for carrying out audits is one of a series of controls which ensure the proper use of funds. The Commission has undertaken major efforts in recent years to improve the quality of audits and to ensure that their follow-up is fully monitored. The system operates at three levels: — beneficiaries of Community funds through grant contracts are obliged to provide certification audits by external auditors in relation to the payments they have received. These audits aim at certifying that project funds have been spent in accordance with contractual provisions. — the Commission draws up an annual programme of external audits. The projects to be audited are identified on the basis of a risk analysis. The Commission services, both at Headquarters and in Delegations, are responsible for the implementation of the annual programme. It aims at providing a second layer of assurance complementary to the one provided by the mandatory audits.