of the Committee of the Regions of 4 December 2009 OJ C 141, 29.5.2010, p. 55. , – having regard to its position at first reading Texts adopted, 3.2.2011, P7_TA-PROV(2011)0037 . on the Commission proposal to Parliament and the Council ( COM(2008)0810 ), – having regard to Article 294(7) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, – having regard to Rule 66 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the recommendation for second reading of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety ( A7-0334/2011 ), 1. Adopts its position at second reading hereinafter set out; 2. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council, the Commission and the national parliaments. Amendment 1 Council position Recital 6 Council position Amendment (6) The purpose of this Directive is to contribute to sustainable production and consumption by, as a first priority, the prevention of WEEE and, in addition, by the re-use, recycling and other forms of recovery of such wastes, so as to reduce the disposal of waste and to contribute to the efficient use of resources . It also seeks to improve the environmental performance of all operators involved in the life cycle of EEE, e.g. producers, distributors and consumers and, in particular, those operators directly involved in the collection and treatment of WEEE. In particular, different national applications of the producer responsibility principle may lead to substantial disparities in the financial burden on economic operators. Having different national policies on the management of WEEE hampers the effectiveness of recycling policies. For that reason, the essential criteria should be laid down at the level of the Union. (6) The purpose of this Directive is to contribute to sustainable production and consumption by, as a first priority, the prevention of WEEE and, in addition, by the re-use, recycling and other forms of recovery of such wastes, so as to reduce the disposal of waste and to contribute to the efficient use of resources and the retrieval of critical raw materials . It also seeks to improve the environmental performance of all operators involved in the life cycle of EEE, e.g. producers, distributors and consumers and, in particular, those operators directly involved in the collection and treatment of WEEE. In particular, different national applications of the producer responsibility principle may lead to substantial disparities in the financial burden on economic operators. Having different national