means all those appliances which are not in principle movable or which are intended in principle to remain in their place of use for the duration of their service life. Amendment 33 Council position Article 4 Council position Amendment Member States shall, without prejudice to the requirements of Union legislation on product design, including Directive 2009/125/EC, encourage cooperation between producers and recyclers and measures to promote the design and production of EEE, notably in view of facilitating re-use, dismantling and recovery of WEEE, its components and materials. In this context, Member States shall take appropriate measures so that producers do not prevent, through specific design features or manufacturing processes, WEEE from being re-used, unless such specific design features or manufacturing processes present overriding advantages, for example, with regard to the protection of the environment and/or safety requirements. Member States shall, without prejudice to the requirements of Union legislation on product design, including Directive 2009/125/EC, encourage cooperation between producers and recyclers and measures to promote the design and production of EEE, notably in view of facilitating re-use, dismantling and recovery of WEEE, its components and materials. These measures shall respect the proper functioning of the internal market. In this context, Member States shall take appropriate measures so that producers do not prevent, through specific design features or manufacturing processes, WEEE from being re-used, unless such specific design features or manufacturing processes present overriding advantages, for example, with regard to the protection of the environment and/or safety requirements. Eco-design requirements facilitating re-use, dismantling, recovery of WEEE and reducing hazardous substance emissions shall be established no later than 31 December 2014 in the framework of the implementing measures adopted pursuant to Directive 2009/125/EC. Justification Imposing eco-design requirements on energy-using products not only has a bearing on a product’s energy consumption, but also makes for more straightforward re-use, dismantling and recycling. Ensuring that the design process also covers the recycling phase can lead to more and better recycling. Ease of dismantling, improved recyclability, the reduction of harmful emissions and the recovery of secondary raw materials should therefore be encouraged. Reinstatement of Parliament’s first-reading position. Amendment 34 Council position Article 5 – paragraph 1 Council position Amendment 1. Member States shall adopt appropriate measures to minimise the disposal of WEEE in the form of unsorted municipal waste and to achieve a high level of separate collection of WEEE, notably, and as a matter of priority,