reporting periods. In accordance with general legal principles common to all Member States, the time-limit of 21 days should be suspended in cases of force majeure. ▌ (19) Should the Commission decide to develop and/or operate the platform through a third party, this should be done in accordance with Council Regulation (EC, Euratom) No 1605/2002 of 25 June 2002 on the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities 1 OJ L 248, 16.9.2002, p. 1. . An appropriate degree of Member States' involvement in this process should be ensured by establishing the technical specifications for the purpose of the public procurement by means of implementing acts adopted in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 February 2011 laying down the rules and general principles concerning mechanisms for control by Member States of the Commission's exercise of implementing powers 2 OJ L 55, 28.2.2011, p. 13. . (20) Should the Commission decide to operate the platform through a third party, the continuity of the provision of services by the system of interconnection of registers and a proper public supervision of the functioning of the platform should be ensured. Detailed rules on the operational management of the platform should be adopted by means of implementing acts adopted in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011. In any case, the involvement of Member States in the functioning of the whole system should be ensured by means of a regular dialogue between the Commission and the representatives of Member States on the issues concerning the operation of the system of interconnection of registers and its future development. (21) The interconnection of central, commercial and companies registers necessitates the coordination of national systems of varying technical characteristics. This entails the adoption of technical measures and specifications which need to take account of differences between registers. In order to ensure uniform conditions for the implementation of this Directive, implementing powers should be conferred on the Commission to tackle these technical and operational issues. Those powers should be exercised in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 182/2011. (22) This Directive should not limit the right of Members States to charge fees for obtaining information on companies through the system of interconnection of registers, if such fees are required