originally proposed by the Commission; - in taxis, where Member States so decide, children do not need to be restrained by a child-restraint system. Where no child-restraint system is available, the child may not sit in the front passenger seat. However, in many countries taxis do have restraint systems for children; - where the airbag cannot be deactivated, children may not be transported in a rearward facing child-restraint system in a passenger seat protected by a front airbag. This is an expanded version of Parliament's Amendment 1 which applied only to front passenger seats. Since airbags have become much more common for passengers in the rear of cars as well, it has become all the more essential to develop user-friendly airbags that are easy to deactivate and the rapporteur hopes that the EURO-NCAP programme will yield practical results as soon as possible. In this context it is worthwhile mentioning a study carried out by the EEVC into restraint systems for children under three years of age. It is to be hoped that its findings will be published during the first quarter of 2003. It should be pointed out that the duration of temporary exemptions (of five and six years) should be calculated from the date on which the Council adopts this directive and not from that of its transposition into national law which must take place within two years. Such exemptions must be approved by the Commission. As regards M2 and M3 vehicles: - it is stipulated in greater detail than in the Commission proposal that children aged three and over must use available safety systems; - Member States may, with the Commission's agreement, grant exemptions allowing more children to be carried than there are seats available with restraint systems but only for 'local transport operations', particularly school buses (temporary exemption restricted to five years). A similar exemption is available for N1 and M1 vehicles (see below). As regards N1 and M1 vehicles: - an exemption is created for small cars with not enough room for three child-restraint systems on the back seat: in this case a child is allowed to wear an adult safety belt (permanent exemption); - Member States may also grant an exemption here allowing more children than there are seats fitted with belts or seats without restraint systems to be transported over short distances and for occasional journeys (exemption valid for six years). Conclusions A general