President on behalf of the Conference of Presidents. The responsibilities of special committees and committees of inquiry shall be defined when they are set up; they shall not be entitled to deliver opinions to other committees. (See interpretation under Rule 184.) 2. If a standing committee declares itself not competent to consider a question, or a conflict arises over the competence of two or more standing committees, the question of competence shall be referred to the Conference of Presidents within four working weeks of the announcement in Parliament of referral to committee. The Conference of Presidents shall take a decision within six weeks on the basis of a recommendation from the Conference of Committee Chairs, or, if no such recommendation is forthcoming, from the latter's Chair. If the Conference of Presidents fails to take a decision within that period, the recommendation shall be deemed to have been approved. The committee Chairs may enter into agreements with other committee Chairs concerning the allocation of an item to a particular committee, subject, where necessary, to authorisation of a procedure with associated committees under Rule 50. 3. Should two or more standing committees be competent to deal with a question, one committee shall be named as the committee responsible and the others as committees asked for opinions. A question shall not, however, be referred simultaneously to more than three committees, unless it is decided for sound reasons to depart from this rule under the conditions laid down in paragraph 1. 4. Any two or more committees or subcommittees may jointly consider matters falling within their competence, but they may not take a decision. 5. Any committee may, with the agreement of Parliament's Bureau, instruct one or more of its members to undertake a study or fact-finding mission. Rule 189 Committee responsible for the verification of credentials Among the committees set up in accordance with the provisions of these Rules, one committee shall be responsible for the verification of credentials and the preparation of decisions on any objections concerning the validity of elections. Rule 190 Subcommittees 1. Subject to prior authorisation by the Conference of Presidents, a standing or special committee may, in the interests of its work, appoint one or more subcommittees, at the same time determining their composition, in accordance with Rule 186, and their areas of responsibility. Subcommittees shall report to the committee that set them up. 2. The procedure for