answer shall be given to the author. Supplementary questions 4. Each Member may follow up the reply with a supplementary question to any question and may put in all two supplementary questions. 5. Supplementary questions shall be subject to the rules of admissibility laid down in these Guidelines. 6. The President shall rule on the admissibility of supplementary questions and shall limit their number so that each Member who has put down a question may receive an answer to it. The President shall not be obliged to declare a supplementary question admissible, even if it satisfies the foregoing conditions of admissibility, if: (a) it is likely to upset the normal conduct of Question Time, or (b) the main question to which it relates has already been adequately covered by other supplementary questions, or (c) it has no direct bearing on the main question. Answers to questions 7. The institution concerned shall ensure that answers are concise and are relevant to the subject of the question. 8. If the content of the questions concerned permits it, the President may decide, after consulting the questioners, that the institution concerned should answer them together. 9. A question may be answered only if the questioner is present or has notified the President in writing, before Question Time begins, of the name of a substitute. 10. If neither the questioner nor a substitute is present, the question shall lapse. 11. If a Member tables a question, but neither that Member nor a substitute is present at Question Time, the President shall remind the Member in writing of his or her responsibility to be present or substituted. If the President has to send such a letter three times in the space of any twelve-month period, the Member concerned shall lose the right to table questions at Question Time for a six-month period. 12. Questions that remain unanswered for lack of time shall be answered in accordance with Rule 117(4), first subparagraph, unless their authors request the application of Rule 117(3). 13. The procedure for answers in writing shall be governed by Rule 117(3) and (5). Time limits 14. Questions shall be tabled at least one week before Question Time begins. Questions not tabled within this time limit may be taken during Question Time with the consent of the institution concerned. Questions declared admissible shall be distributed to Members and forwarded to the institutions concerned. B. Recommendations