WRITTEN QUESTION E-5538/07 by Maria Badia i Cutchet (PSE) to the Commission (13 November 2007) Subject: Irregularities and false advertising on websites selling airline tickets online On 3 August 2007, the Commission proposed to the countries represented in the European network for Consumer Protection Cooperation (CPC) carrying out a monitoring exercise on the Internet to detect possible cases of fraud in plane ticket and holiday club deals. In line with this proposal, on 27 September 2007 Spain’s National Consumer Institute investigated the websites of the 12 airlines and travel agencies most used by Spanish and European consumers. Its aim was to ascertain whether the offers they advertised clearly indicated the final price and adhered to advertising standards and to analyse the contractual conditions. Irregularities were detected on seven of the websites. In terms of false advertising, the National Consumer Institute found tickets described as free for which air taxes were payable. In four other cases, advantageous deals were advertised at an initial price that could not be found in any search. Geographical regions were also featured to which the departure and arrival airports on the sites did not correspond. With regard to the failure to meet legal requirements, the National Consumer Institute noted that on three websites the sales information appeared in Spanish while the general terms and conditions that needed to be accepted were only in English. Only four websites showed no kind of irregularity in terms of the protection of consumer rights. The investigation also covered holiday club offers, examining 64 that were suspected of failing to meet requirements, among which 23 had a website, 14 of which with restricted access. Of these 14, 10 were making illegitimate use of quality seals, six included false testimonials and another six were offering impossible guarantees. In the light of this report and bearing in mind the growing use of electronic commerce, does the Commission intend take any specific measures to prevent online advertising fraud and to protect the rights of European consumers?