of the internal market . The new VAT strategy should aim at reducing administrative burdens, removing tax obstacles and improving the business environment, particularly for small and medium-sized and labour-intensive enterprises, whilst ensuring the robustness of the system against fraud. Amendment 2 Proposal for a directive – amending act Recital 5 (5) It is therefore appropriate to maintain the current minimum standard rate at 15% for a further period long enough to ensure legal certainty, while allowing further review. (5) It is therefore appropriate to maintain the current minimum standard rate at 15% for a further period long enough to ensure legal certainty, while allowing further review , using t he Single Market Strategy as a guideline in this respect . Amendment 3 Proposal for a directive – amending act Recital 6 (6) This does not preclude a further revision of VAT legislation before 31 December 2015 to address the outcome of the new VAT strategy. (6) This does not preclude a further revision of VAT legislation before 31 December 2015 to address the outcome of the new VAT strategy. There should, if possible, be a move towards a definitive system before 31 December 2015. Amendment 4 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 1 a (new) Article 1a Review 1. By 31 December 2013, the Commission shall submit legislative proposals to replace the current transitional minimum VAT rate level with a definitive system. 2. For the purpose of implementing paragraph 1, the Commission shall hold extensive consultations with all stakeholders, public and private, on the new VAT strategy. Those consultations shall at least address VAT rates, including reduced VAT rates, as well as the desirability of setting a maximum VAT rate, the scope of VAT, the derogations from the system, the alternative options for the structure and functioning of VAT, including the place of taxation for intra-Union supplies. The Commission shall report to the European Parliament and the Council on the outcome of those consultations.