programme by an air carrier or tour operator are covered by this Regulation. 2. This Regulation does apply to passengers with tickets issued under a Frequent Flyer Programme or other commercial programme by an air carrier or tour operator. This Regulation does not apply to passengers travelling free of charge or at a reduced fare neither advertised nor available to the public. Justification This makes it clearer as to when the Regulation does and does not apply. Amendment 6 Article 4 An air carrier or tour operator shall, in accordance with this regulation, lay down the rules which it will follow when passengers are denied boarding, including those on priorities for passenger embarkation, and shall make them available to the public. They shall form part of the contract or conditions of carriage of the carrier or tour operator. An air carrier or tour operator shall, in accordance with this regulation, lay down the rules in plain and intelligible language which it will follow when passengers are denied boarding, including those on priorities for passenger embarkation. The air carriers shall notify these rules and any changes therein to the national competent authority which shall in turn notify the Commission and shall make them available to the public. Any such changes shall enter into force one month after their notification. They shall form part of the contract or conditions of carriage of the carrier or tour operator. Justification This amendment incorporates the spirit of the European Parliament's adopted position on the 1998 revised Denied Boarding Regulation (A4 0240/1998) which was in turn agreed by the Commission in their amended proposal (Official Journal C351, 18.11.1998) Amendment 7 Article 5 (1) 1. When an air carrier or tour operator reasonably expects to deny boarding on a flight, it shall first identify any passenger still awaiting check-in for the flight concerned at the time check-in closes and then call for volunteers to surrender their confirmed reservations in exchange for benefits under conditions to be agreed between the passenger concerned and the air carrier or tour operator. 1. When an air carrier or tour operator reasonably expects to deny boarding on a flight, it shall first identify any passenger still awaiting check-in for the flight concerned at the time check-in closes and then call for volunteers to surrender their confirmed reservations in exchange for benefits under conditions to be agreed between the passenger concerned and the