submitted pursuant to Article 6 shall immediately forward a copy to the Authority and the Commission and draw up an evaluation report without undue delay. 2. Applications shall be evaluated in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Uniform Principles for the Evaluation and Authorisation of Plant Protection Products set out in Annex VI to Directive 91/414/EEC or specific evaluation principles to be laid down in a Commission Regulation in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2) of this Regulation. 3. By way of derogation from paragraph 1 and by agreement between the Member States concerned, evaluation of the application may be carried out by the rapporteur Member State designated pursuant to Directive 91/414/EEC for that active substance. 4. Where a Member State encounters difficulties in evaluating an application or in order to avoid duplication of work, it may be decided in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2) which Member State shall evaluate particular applications. Article 9 Submission of Evaluated Applications to the Commission and the Authority 1. After completion of the evaluation report, the Member State shall forward it to the Commission. The Commission shall without delay inform the Member States and forward the application, the evaluation report and the supporting dossier to the Authority. 2. The Authority shall acknowledge in writing receipt of the application to the applicant, the evaluating Member State and the Commission without delay. The acknowledgement shall state the date of receipt of the application and the accompanying documents. SECTION 2 Consideration of applications concerning MRLs by the Authority Article 10 The Authority's opinion on applications concerning MRLs 1. The Authority shall assess the applications and the evaluation reports and give a reasoned opinion on, in particular, the risks to the consumer and where relevant to animals associated with the setting, modification or deletion of an MRL. That opinion shall include: a) an assessment of whether the analytical method for routine monitoring proposed in the application is appropriate for the intended control purposes; b) the anticipated LOD for the pesticide/product combination; c) an assessment of the risks of the acceptable daily intake or acute reference dose being exceeded as a result of the modification of the MRL; the contribution to the intake due to the residues in the product for which the MRLs was requested; d) any other element relevant to the risk assessment. 2. The Authority shall forward its