13. The Member States shall supply the Commission with all the information needed to draw up that report. Justification The Member States should have to send all the relevant information on implementation of the directive to the Commission so that it can draw up a report on the subject. Amendment 69 Article 19, title Article 19 Article 19 Transposition into national legislation Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 70 Article 20, paragraph 1 Member States shall bring into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive not later than [31 December 2003]. They shall forthwith inform the Commission thereof. Member States shall bring into force the national laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive not later than [31 December 2003]. They shall forthwith inform the Commission thereof , and also inform it immediately of any subsequent amendments thereto . Justification The Commission, which is the impartial guarantor of correct implementation by the Member States of legislation passed by the Community institutions, must be kept permanently informed of the transposition of the Directive into national law and of any subsequent amendments to the relevant legislation. Amendment 71 Article 21, title Article 21 Article 21 Entry into force Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 72 Article 22, title Article 22 Article 22 Addressees Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT INTRODUCTION There is no doubt that the phenomenon of immigration is one of the major challenges facing modern societies in the twenty-first century. We are witnessing a gigantic increase in cross-border migration and one which cannot be compared with population movements in other periods of history. The European Union is home to twelve million legal immigrants from third countries. In recent years, great political debate has been triggered and continues to centre on migrant workers, legal and illegal immigration, asylum seekers and subsidiary protection seekers and other categories of immigrants, and on those immigrants’ families, who account for a significant part of overall immigration. Everyone knows that for some years now entry and residence on the ground of family reunification has represented the main avenue of legal immigration for third-country nationals in almost all the Member States and in the OECD countries. This family immigration comprises not only family reunification in the strict sense of the term (reunification