Hizbullah, as well as to refrain from any interference in Lebanese internal policies; asks for an immediate withdrawal of troops from the country as stated in the UNSC resolutions; calls on the Council to consider sending a delegation of EU observers to monitor the elections in Lebanon; 10. Strongly condemns the terrorist attack which killed the ex-Prime Minister of Lebanon Mr Hariri and his escort and announces that it will pay close attention to the findings of the international inquiry now underway; 11. Calls for the release of Dr Nour; considers that the waiver of immunity of a Member of the Egyptian Parliament and his detention undermines the spirit and the letter of the association agreement between the EU and Egypt; calls on the Commission, the Council and the High Representative for the CFSP to bring every influence to bear to remind the Egyptian authorities of the spirit of that agreement. 12. Calls on Libya to ensure the necessary steps and undertakings, including the urgent release from prison of foreign medical workers, that will allow it to be fully included in the Euro-Mediterranean partnership, thus contributing to the enhancement of the Barcelona process; 13. Welcomes the latest positive developments as to the Middle East conflict, which will affect in a decisive manner the full development of the whole Euromed partnership, and calls on all partner countries to make every effort to support the resumption of dialogue and make the Road Map effective; 14. Calls on the Council and Commission, in their relations with the Mediterranean partners, to make concrete proposals for progress in the security aspect, making use of elements of the European Security Strategy, as well as of the crisis management instruments already created at the Commission; 15. Expresses its satisfaction at the increasing and considerable improvement in the performance of the MEDA funds; 16. Stresses the importance of the promotion and extension of the trans-European networks, especially in the fields of energy and transport, for relations and cooperation with the Mediterranean partners; 17. Supports the proposal to set up a Mediterranean early warning system for disaster prevention, in the light of the lessons to be learnt from the tsunami that hit South-East Asia; 18. Believes that the signing of the Agadir agreement between Morocco, Tunisia, Egypt and Jordan in February 2004 is a good signal to reinforce the axis of South-South cooperation as a complement to that of