Answer given by Ms Malmström on behalf of the Commission (13 March 2012) Operation ‘Icarus’ in itself is evidence of a successful, coordinated and substantial effort to combat child sexual exploitation and child pornography at EU level. This operation, coordinated and supported by Europol, has resulted in 112 arrests across 22 countries so far and is just one of several operations in this area that Europol has been involved in. Directive 2011/92/EU Directive 2011/92/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on combating the sexual abuse and sexual exploitation of children and child pornography, and replacing Council Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA, OJ L 335, 17.12.2011, 1-14. will further facilitate the coordination of actors in the fight against child sexual abuse and exploitation. It approximates the definition of 20 offences, covering also new ones such as online grooming or webcam abuse, and sets minimum levels for criminal penalties. To facilitate investigation and prosecution, it extends the statute of limitation for most offences until after the victim has reached adulthood, removes confidentiality obstacles to reporting by professionals whose main duty involves working with children, and encourages reporting suspected abuse. Investigation and prosecution for all offences will not depend on reports or accusations by the victim, nor will they be stopped by a withdrawal of statements. Effective investigative tools are to be made available to investigators and prosecutors, and Member States must set up investigative units to identify victims, in particular by analysing child pornography. In addition, the Safer Internet programme is supporting the development of IT tools and databases that allow law enforcement to conduct investigations of child sexual abuse more effectively, to cooperate better internationally and to get better access to evidence material on a transnational basis. These developments should serve to further enhance coordination at EU level and to improve the response to these crimes across all Member States.