control, border control, general law enforcement, and trade facilitation , geared to the different situations in the Member States . The network shall have the ability to continuously make available information on activities in the maritime domain in order to support a timely decision process. In turn this would allow, the public authorities engaged in surveillance activities to provide a more effective and cost efficient service. To this end Automatic Identification Systems, Vessel Monitoring Systems as referred to in Commission Regulation (EC) No 2244/2003 of 18 December 2003, laying down detailed provisions regarding satellite-based vessel monitoring systems and Vessel Detection Systems data collected in the framework of this Regulation should be transmitted and used by other public authorities engaged in the surveillance activities above mentioned. Justification This is to ensure that surveillance measures are appropriate. Amendment 5 Proposal for a regulation Recital 29 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (29) Powers should be conferred to the Commission to close a fishery when the quota of a Member State or a TAC itself is exhausted. The Commission should also be empowered to deduct quotas and refuse quota transfers or quota exchanges to ensure the achievement of the objectives of the Common Fisheries Policy by the Member States. (29) Powers should be conferred to the Commission to close a fishery when the quota of a Member State or a TAC itself is exhausted. Justification Any Member State that allows a fleet repeatedly to exceed its quota or that fails to take the measures necessary to ensure compliance with the rules of the common fisheries policy should be penalised. Nevertheless, the mechanisms for doing so should not involve the deduction of quotas and refusal of quota transfers or quota exchanges, since this would not affect the Member State that is failing to comply but would affect fleets which may be totally uninvolved in the infringements, and even - in the case of quota exchanges - other Member States that have nothing to do with the violation in question. Furthermore, these measures would mean that the Commission could unilaterally alter the relative stability among the Member States. Amendment 6 Proposal for a regulation Recital 34 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (34) The measures necessary for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers