the assessment of substances according to their real risk for health or the environment. Professor Belpomme opposed this argument saying that risk assessment belonged to the realm of uncertainty not science. Neither toxicology nor epidemiology enabled risks to be described with certainty, he said in reply to Béatrice PATRIE (PES, FR). Speaking from the consumer's point of view, Jim MURRAY, Director of the European Consumers' Bureau (BEUC), restricted his comments to the key issue of why REACH is needed, saying " chemicals form the basis of our living today, we are more exposed to them than ever before" . He said that what the EU must do is "first and foremost to assess, and to assess all chemicals". He criticised the various impact assessments for being limited and some even partial. Emily McIVOR spoke on behalf of the European Coalition to End Animal Experiments and was greeted by the chairman Karl-Heinz FLORENZ with the words "you have a friendly audience in the Parliament on this issue ". Stefan SCHEUER, EU Policy Director of the European Environmental Bureau, said that REACH gives Europe a " great opportunity to replace 25 years of ignorance about chemical risks ". One more issue on the agenda was the functioning of the new European Chemicals Agency, which would manage the database, receive the registration dossiers and be responsible for providing non-confidential information to the public. The agency will be based in Helsinki. Mr Pablo LIBREROS of the French Ministry for Ecology said that France wants to see the Agency become the sole technical body responsible for evaluation. It should work in close co-operation with a European network of agencies and institutes. REACH also discussed at Petitions Committee On Tuesday, the UK branch of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and the Women's Institute (WI) addressed the EP's Petitions Committee about a petition they have presented on REACH, signed by 77,000 people, which calls for an outright ban on the most dangerous chemicals. Ruth BOND of WI acknowledged that the precise role of such chemicals in fomenting diseases like asthma or genital anomalies has not been fully researched but argued that "we shouldn't wait for such a link to be found" , saying in essence that the "precautionary principle" must be applied. Salter GREEN of WWF emphasised that REACH must protect "the most vulnerable sector of society", the unborn foetus, given that unborn babies are sensitive to