Answer given by Mr Kyprianou on behalf of the Commission (17 November 2006) The Commission is aware of the Greek plant health authorities' findings of Ralstonia solanacearum (RS), causal organism of brown rot of potato, on imported consignments of ware potatoes originating in Turkey. Turkey is not considered to be free of RS, and its exports of ware potatoes into the EU are subject to the phytosanitary import requirements laid down by Council Directive 2000/29/EC Council Directive 2000/29/EC of 8 May 2000 on protective measures against the introduction into the Community of organisms harmful to plants or plant products and their spread within the Community, OJ L 169, 10.7.2000, as last amended by Commission Directive 2006/35/EC of 24 March 2006, OJ L 88, 25.3.2006. , on which the Community plant health regime is based. Council Directive 2000/29/EC lays down, amongst other things, measures that may be taken by the Member States and/or the Commission in order to protect the territory of the Community against the introduction of organisms harmful to plants or plant products. As a consequence, Member States have to carry out, on arrival of consignments, identity, documentary and phytosanitary inspections. In case of non-compliance with the provisions of the above directive, Member States have to take appropriate measures which are laid down in the directive in order to prevent the introduction or movement of harmful organisms or infested plants or plant products. This will also contribute to a better protection of European importers and producers. The Commission is concerned about the findings and is already preparing a letter to Turkish authorities in order to examine the situation. It will not hesitate to take any action necessary to ensure that organisms harmful to potatoes are no longer introduced into and spread within the Community. The findings of insects on wood packaging material have also come to the attention of the Commission which is seeking further clarifications on this issue. The Commission will inform the Honourable Member on its conclusions.