to the European Parliament. 6. In addition to the summary records referred to in paragraph 1, the European Parliament may request access to minutes of committee meetings See the judgment of the Court of First Instance of the European Communities of 19 July 1999 in Case T-188/97 Rothmans v Commission [1999] ECR II-2463. . The Commission will examine each request, on a case by case basis, under the confidentiality rules set out in Annex 1 to the Framework Agreement on relations between the European Parliament and the Commission OJ C 117 E, 18.5.2006, p. 123. . Confidential documents 7. Confidential documents will be processed in accordance with internal administrative procedures drawn up by each institution with a view to providing all the requisite guarantees. European Parliament resolutions under Article 8 of Decision 1999/468/EC 8. Pursuant to Article 8 of Decision 1999/468/EC, the European Parliament may indicate, in a resolution setting out the grounds on which it is based, that draft measures implementing a basic instrument adopted in accordance with the procedure provided for by Article 251 of the Treaty would exceed the implementing powers provided for in that basic instrument. 9. The European Parliament is to adopt such resolutions in accordance with its Rules of Procedure; it is to have a period of one month in which to do so, beginning on the date of receipt of the final draft of the implementing measures in the language versions submitted to the members of the committee concerned. 10. The European Parliament and the Commission agree that it is appropriate to establish a shorter time-limit on a permanent basis for some types of urgent implementing measures on which a decision must be taken within a shorter period of time in the interests of sound management. This applies in particular to some types of measure relating to external action, including humanitarian and emergency aid, to health and safety protection, to transport security and safety and to exemptions from public procurement rules. An agreement between the Member of the Commission and the Chair of the parliamentary committee responsible will lay down the types of measure concerned and the applicable time-limits. Such an agreement may be revoked at any time by either side. 11. Without prejudice to the cases referred to in paragraph 10, the time-limit will be shorter in urgent cases and in the case of measures relating to day-to-day administrative matters and/or having