Conference of Presidents. 2. In the event of a tied vote on the agenda as a whole (Rule 140) or the minutes as a whole (Rule 179), or on a text put to a split vote under Rule 163, the text shall be deemed adopted. 3. In all other cases where there is a tied vote, without prejudice to those Rules which require qualified majorities, the text or proposal shall be deemed rejected. Rule 160 Principles governing voting 1. Voting on a report shall take place on the basis of a recommendation from the committee responsible. The committee may delegate this task to its Chair and rapporteur. 2. The committee may recommend that all or several amendments be put to the vote collectively, that they be accepted or rejected or declared void. It may also propose compromise amendments. 3. Where the committee recommends that amendments be put to the vote collectively, the collective vote on these amendments shall be taken first. 4. Where the committee proposes a compromise amendment, that compromise amendment shall be given priority in voting. 5. Amendments for which a roll-call vote has been requested shall be put to the vote individually. 6. A split vote shall not be admissible in the case of a collective vote or a vote on a compromise amendment. Rule 161 Order of voting on amendments 1. Amendments shall have priority over the text to which they relate and shall be put to the vote before that text. 2. If two or more mutually exclusive amendments have been tabled to the same part of a text, the amendment that departs furthest from the original text shall have priority and shall be put to the vote first. If it is adopted the other amendments shall be deemed rejected; if it is rejected, the amendment next in priority shall be put to the vote and similarly for each of the remaining amendments. Where there is doubt as to priority, the President shall decide. If all amendments are rejected, the original text shall be deemed adopted unless a separate vote has been requested within the specified deadline. 3. The President may put the original text to the vote first, or put an amendment that is closer to the original text to the vote before the amendment that departs furthest from the original text. If either of these secures a majority, all other amendments tabled to