Answer given by Mrs Georgieva on behalf of the Commission (26 March 2010) The Commission shares the concerns of the Honourable Member on the situation of the people of Haiti affected by the devastating earthquake on 12 January 2010. The Commission sincerely deplores the tragic loss of life and damage this natural disaster has caused. As a sign of Europe's solidarity with the people of Haiti, a preliminary humanitarian commitment of EUR 120 million has been made by the Commission to provide a continued response to the existing humanitarian needs. The Commission's humanitarian assistance is complemented by further substantial commitments by the Member States and by civil protection assistance. The healthcare sector has been identified as one of the priority sectors for emergency humanitarian assistance and corresponding aid is being provided by the Commission, for instance in the form of medicines, mobile hospitals and equipment. The Commission's Monitoring and Information Centre (MIC), which is the operational hub of the EU Civil Protection Mechanism (the Mechanism), facilitates and supports the deployment and coordination of Member States' in-kind assistance during major emergencies. In the case of Haiti, 25 European countries channelled search and rescue, medical assistance, shelter, water purification or other types of assistance through this Mechanism. It should be noted, however, that all the assistance is provided by the participating states to the Mechanism on a voluntary basis. Therefore, the Commission itself cannot guarantee that sufficient assistance is available in each and every case. Some response modules have been developed and are available to the EU under a preparatory action on EU rapid response capability, and the first deployments of two such modules were successfully carried out in Haiti. One of them was an advanced medical post with surgery (developed by Italy), which has been working on the field for more than six weeks, treating approximately 50 patients per day. Along with this emergency humanitarian and civil protection response, the Commission is also prepared to support the early re-building of basic state governance capacity and has made available EUR 100 million to this end. In addition, the Commission is firmly committed to ensuring a smooth transition from the phase of immediate relief and rehabilitation to a more medium-term response in the reconstruction phase. The Commission has earmarked a further EUR 200 million for that purpose. There is very close coordination within the EU on assistance to Haiti, and the Commission's efforts