rule and whereas homophobia presently is advocated largely by different Christian congregations, B. whereas homophobia in Europe and globally is often propagated by similar actors, including some religious institutions and some state institutions, C. whereas on 25 September 2009 David Bahati MP tabled the "Anti-Homosexuality Bill 2009" before the Ugandan Parliament, C. whereas the proposed law includes provisions to punish those alleged to be lesbian, gay or bisexual (LGBT) with life imprisonment or the death penalty, D. whereas the draft bill includes a provision that could lead to the imprisonment for up to three years of anyone, including heterosexual people, who fail to report within 24 hours the identities of everyone they know who is lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender, or who supports human rights for people who are, E. whereas the bill provides for Uganda to nullify any of its international or regional commitments that it deems in contradiction to the provisions of the proposed bill, F. whereas the proposed law has been denounced by non-governmental organisations around the world and in Uganda itself, G. whereas it is of essential importance to support local civil society organisations in promoting human rights and fundamental freedoms, including organisations working to promote sexual health, rights and choice for all, 1. Underlines that sexual orientation is a matter falling within the remit of the individual right to privacy, guaranteed by international human rights law, according to which equality and non‑discrimination should be promoted, whilst freedom of expression should be guaranteed; in this context, condemns the "anti-homosexuality bill 2009"; 2. Reminds the Ugandan Government of its obligations under international law and under the Cotonou Agreement, which calls for universal human rights to be respected; 3. Recalls statements by the African Commission and the UN Human Rights Committee that a state cannot, through its domestic law, negate its international human rights obligations; 4. Is extremely concerned that international donors both governmental and non-governmental would have to cease their activities in certain fields should the bill pass; 5. Calls for increased support to local organisations and associations working to ensure sexual health, rights and choice and encourages the support for anti-homophobic partnerships between European and African sister organisations, based on equality, to mutually support each other in developing actions and strategies to address homophobia in their respective contexts; 6. Strongly rejects any moves to introduce the use of the death penalty; 7. Calls on the Council