Answer given by Mr Rehn on behalf of the Commission (30 October 2008) All candidate countries for membership of the European Union are expected to fulfil the Copenhagen Political Criteria which requires stable institutions guaranteeing democracy, the rule of law, human rights and respect for and protection of minorities. The Commission monitors the human rights of prison inmates in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia closely, as they are an important part of the overall human rights record of the country. Following the November 2007 Progress Report, the Commission conducted a peer review mission in March 2008 on judicial and human rights issues which, inter alia , assessed the ongoing prison reform. Subsequently, in September 2008, the Head of the EU Mission to the country made a joint visit with the national Ombudsman to certain prisons. The Commission is also in close contact with the Committee for the Prevention of Torture and Ill‑treatment of the Council of Europe as well as other relevant bodies. The findings of the Commission as regards the progress made in the implementation of prison reform will be presented in the 2008 Progress Report. The European Agency for Reconstruction has funded a number of activities to contribute to prison reform in the country. A EUR 2.1 million project has funded renovation of facilities at the Prilep, Stip and Idrizovo prisons which were dilapidated. The renovation is expected to be fully completed by the end of October 2008 and will offer somewhat improved living conditions for the inmates. Also, at the beginning of 2007, the European Agency for Reconstruction launched a 15-month joint initiative with the Council of Europe. The initiative provides assistance for the reform of the penitentiary system and for alignment with EU standards. By introducing modern instruments and working methods, it builds the capacity of prison staff and contributes to the development of a safe, secure and transparent environment for prison detainees. Although the projects are making a contribution, it is clear that further significant efforts will need to be made by the authorities to upgrade prison standards and conditions, in particular, through the establishment of professional management of the prison system and allocation of greater resources. To this end, the authorities should maintain a constructive dialogue with the Commission and with the Committee for the Prevention of Torture and Ill-treatment of the Council of Europe.