burning of a substantial proportion of world literature and art. To the great delight of populist and anti-European movements, the Voltairian spirit of tolerance expressed in the phrase "I disapprove of what you say but will defend to the death your right to say it" is being trampled under foot by a form of eurobureaucratic folly which is far more dangerous than the 'monster' which it claims to be fighting. 22 May 2002 OPINION OF THE COMMITTEE ON LEGAL AFFAIRS AND THE INTERNAL MARKET for the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs on the proposal for a Council Framework Decision on combating racism and xenophobia ( COM(2001) 664 – C5‑0689/2001 – 2001/0270(CNS)) Draftsman: Arlene McCarthy PROCEDURE The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market appointed Arlene McCarthy draftsman at its meeting of 24 January 2002. It considered the draft opinion at its meetings of 16 April, 23 April and 22 May 2002. At the last meeting it adopted the following amendments unanimously. The following were present for the vote: Giuseppe Gargani (chairman); Willi Rothley, Ioannis Koukiadis and Bill Miller (vice-chairmen), Arlene McCarthy(draftsman), Janelly Fourtou, Marie-Françoise Garaud, Evelyne Gebhardt, Fiorella Ghilardotti, Malcolm Harbour, Heidi Anneli Hautala, Kurt Lechner, Klaus-Heiner Lehne, Neil MacCormick, Toine Manders, Hans-Peter Mayer (for Rainer Wieland), Manuel Medina Ortega, Giacomo Santini (for Paolo Bartolozzi pursuant to Rule 153(2)), Marianne L.P. Thyssen, Rijk van Dam (for Ole Krarup) and Diana Wallis. SHORT JUSTIFICATION Your draftsman welcomes this proposed legislation for which Parliament has called for some considerable time. It will be extremely important also for the candidate countries and in this connection I would call to mind Claude Moraes' opinion which this committee adopted on 21 February 2000. We are inevitably a multi-racial, multi-cultural community and likewise our Member States. To gain the utmost benefits from this state of affairs, it is essential to stamp out racism and xenophobia, in the last resort by criminalising it. For the ancient Greeks, xenophobia, "fear of strangers" was one thing, quite another was "filoxenia", welcoming of strangers, which was regarded as the highest virtue for a Greek citizen. Such a situation can be achieved in our society in the long term through education and changing attitudes, particularly in some sectors of the media. Racism and xenophobia thrive among the weak and worst-educated strata of society, who are easy prey for unscrupulous fringe parties, particularly at times of