investigation shall, whenever possible, be concluded within one year . In any event, such investigations shall be concluded within 13 months of initiation, in accordance with the findings made pursuant to Article 13 for undertakings or the findings made pursuant to Article 15 for definitive action. In exceptional cases, having regard to the complexity of the investigation, the Commission may decide, no later than 8 months after the initiation of the investigation, to extend this time limit, for a period up to, but in no case longer than, 18 months. 9. For proceedings pursuant to Article 10(11), an investigation shall, whenever possible, be concluded within 11 months . In any event, such investigations shall be concluded within 12 months of initiation, in accordance with the findings made pursuant to Article 13 for undertakings or the findings made pursuant to Article 15 for definitive action. Amendment 258 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 19 – point 2 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 597/2009 Article 11 – paragraph 9 a (new) 2a. In Article 11, the following paragraph is inserted: '9a. No later than seven and a half months after the initiation of the investigation the Commission shall consult the Member States on the basis of the findings of the investigation. The Member States shall in this consultation indicate to the Commission whether they expect an intense controversy in the decision making process pursuant to Articles 14 and 15 for definitive action which would be likely to trigger the appeal procedure referred to in Article 6 of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011. If so the Commission may decide, no later than eight months after the initiation of the investigation, to extend the time limit of paragraph 9, for a period up to, but in no case longer than, 13 months. The Commission shall make this decision public.‘ Amendment 259 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 19 – point 3 – point a Regulation (EC) No 597/2009 Article 12 – paragraph 1 – subparagraph 2 The provisional duties shall be imposed no earlier than 60 days, and no later than 9 months , from the initiation of the proceedings. In exceptional cases, having regard to the complexity of the investigation, the Commission may decide, no later than 8 months after the initiation of the investigation, to extend this time limit, to a period up to, but