WRITTEN QUESTION E-3206/07 by Iles Braghetto (PPE‑DE) to the Commission (22 June 2007) Subject: Predatory impact of cormorants in the Po Delta and Sardinia It would seem that, owing to their predatory nature, the large numbers of cormorants present in the Po Delta and some areas of Sardinia are endangering the local fish life. In terms of overall numbers, the sand smelt ( Atherina boyeri ) (73.9 %) and mullet (11.4 %) are the cormorant's staple diet, and the proportion of other types of prey quite small, at only a few percentage points each (flounder, bass and carp) or under one percent (eel, bream, anchovy and sardine), with the sole exception of gobies (5.9 %). Other species of fish are marginal prey. Although their numbers fluctuate according to the season, smelt and mullet constitute together, or alternatively, the most common prey, except during the spring when gobies predominate (29‑65 %). The cormorants therefore pose a threat to the existence of certain fish species. It also appears that under the Birds Directive, 79/409/EEC OJ L 103, 25.4.1979, p. 1 . , no species of seabird can be hunted in Italy. That directive allows derogations only where no alternative is possible and where certified and quantified damage has been occasioned. These derogations are also non-generic and strictly defined, controlled and targeted. This is especially so for the cormorant, which is a protected species under the Berne Convention. Since the cormorant is difficult to distinguish from the pygmy cormorant, which is an endangered and closely protected species, hunting it would constitute a clear breach of the Birds Directive, which explicitly safeguards so-called ‘look-a-like’ species, or in other words species similar to ones that are endangered. This problem is all the more evident in Sardinia, where production has halved as a result of these birds, which have occasioned serious damage in areas such as Oristano, and where according to sectoral studies by the Italian Confederation of Cooperatives ‘Confcooperative’ numbers have reached 3 500. Can the Commission state whether it would be possible for the Sardinian Regional Government to obtain a derogation to the Birds Directive authorising compensation to be paid via the national, regional and local authorities or controlled culling? Is the Commission aware of the situation in the Po Delta? Could it state whether the regions concerned can depart from the Birds Directive as regards the culling of a suitable number of cormorants