plenary in Strasbourg. 22.10.2002 Conciliation meeting Press enquiries: Philippe Kamaris - tel. (32-2) 28 46670 / Jean Yves Loog tel. (32-2) 28 44652 e-mail: budg-press@europarl.eu.int Fischler's CAP Mid-Term Review proposals endorsed with conditions attached The Agriculture Committee voted on Monday to endorse the main principles behind the Commission's plans for reforming the Common Agricultural Policy provided a number of conditions are met. In a resolution drafted by committee chair Joseph DAUL (EPP-ED, F) as the committee's initial, political statement on Agriculture Commissioner Fischler's CAP Mid-Term Review policy paper, the committee says the new-look CAP in the new, enlarged EU must be geared to protecting and developing, and not undermining, Europe's special, diverse type of farming, its "European Agricultural Model". The committee - which adopted Mr Daul's resolution unanimously, reflecting the solid consensus position he forged in response to Commissioner Fischler's highly controversial proposals - wants the link between subsidies and production to be broken partially but not totally as the Commission proposes. It welcomes the promotion of rural development, by shifting resources from market support under the top-heavy "first pillar" of the CAP to rural development schemes under the second pillar since this has been a long-standing demand of Parliament. It insists however that the differences between regions must be taken into account and small farms and traditional, quality production must be supported. It backs the Commission's plan for "compulsory modulation", whereby Member States would be obliged, rather than merely allowed as now, to reduce direct aid under certain conditions in order to shift cash from production to measures such as environmental provisions and early retirement schemes. However, it is adamant that modulation must be applied flexibly. It accepts capping of aid, but with reservations, and demands that it should be introduced gradually. The committee is demanding that full use be made of the EU farm budget, which is not the case at present. It also wants annual reserves to be created in the budget to cater for emergencies. It is anxious to counter any trend towards the systematic payment of national aids and it calls for more support for the applicant states before and after they join. It also drops a strong hint that more money will be needed for the farm budget after enlargement. The committee is concerned for farmers' livelihoods and insists that market regulation must continue. Farm-gate prices must not fall and there must be no