to detect whether intra-Community infringements have taken place within its territory . j. " consumer complaint" means a statement , supported by reasonable evidence, that a seller or supplier has committed, or is likely to commit, an infringement of the laws that protect consumers" interests . k. k . "collective interests of consumers'means the interests of a number of consumers that have been harmed or are likely to be harmed by an infringement. Article 4 Competent authorities 1. Each Member State shall designate the competent authorities and single liaison office responsible for the application of this Regulation . 2. Each Member State may, if necessary in order to fulfil the obligations under this Regulation, designate other public authorities. They may also designate bodies having a legitimate interest in the cessation of intra-Comunity infringements in accordance with Article 8(3). 3. Each competent authority shall , without prejudice to paragraph 4, have the investigation and enforcement powers necessary for the application of this Regulation and shall exercise them in conformity with national law. 4. The competent authorities may exercise the powers referred to in paragraph 3 in conformity with national law either: a) directly under their own authority or under the supervision of the judicial authorities; or b) by application to courts competent to grant the necessary decision, including, where appropriate, by appeal in the event that the application to grant the necessary decision is not successful. 5. Insofar as competent authorities exercise their powers by application to the courts in accordance with paragraph 4(b), those courts shall be competent to grant the necessary decisions. 6. The powers referred to in paragraph 3 shall only be exercised where there is a reasonable suspicion of an intra-Community infringement and shall include, at least, the right: a) to have access to any relevant document, in any form, related to the intra-Community infringement ; b) to require the supply of relevant information related to the intra-Community infringement by any person; c) to carry out necessary on-site inspections; d) to request in writing that the seller or supplier concerned cease the intra-Community infringement; e) to obtain from the seller or supplier responsible for intra-Community infringements an undertaking to cease the intra-Community infringement; and , where appropriate, to publish the resulting undertaking ; f) to require the cessation or prohibition of any intra-Community infringement and , where appropriate, to publish resulting decisions; g) to require the losing