€ 6 in the US and more than € 12 in Japan. "Some figures about Nanotechnology R&D in Europe and beyond", European Commission staff working paper, December 2005. Future spending will not change this picture drastically. The amount proposed in the 7th Framework Programme for 'Nanosciences, Nanotechnologies, Materials and new Production Technologies' is € 4270 million for 7 years (thus € 610 million per year). In comparison: The USA government is intending to spend in 2006 alone more than $ 1 billion on R&D in the field of nanotechnologies. Further cuts on R&D-funding in the EU will bring Europe even further away from meeting the Lisbon-goals. According to your Rapporteur, world-class R&D infrastructure and 'poles of excellence' are essential for the EU to remain competitive in this highly promising sector. But this is not enough. European industry, R&D organisations, universities and financial institutions should work together to ensure that excellence in research is translated into commercially viable and inherently safe products and processes. Without this 'commercialisation of knowledge', Europe does not fully reap the synergy between education, research, and innovation, the 'triangle of knowledge' so desperately needed for the European Research Area. A weak knowledge transfer has a negative impact on both the corporate funding of academic research and on start-up activity. It's ours to lose: An analysis of EU Nanotechnology funding and the sixth Framework Programmes, European Nanobusiness Association, 2002. To fully reap this synergy between education, research, and innovation, it is necessary to address the skills shortage and lack of trained personnel by increased emphasis on natural science training and by attracting more students into science-related and multidisciplinary subjects. Furthermore, it is important to further improve the business climate for nanotechnology companies by strengthening the market for venture capital and by defining markets in terms of a clear regulatory framework and a good protection of intellectual property. The 2005 European NanoBusiness Survey, European Nanobusiness Association, 2005. Standards provide a level playing field for markets and international trade and are prerequisites for fair competition, comparative risk assessments and regulatory measures. The protection of intellectual property rights is essential for innovation both in terms of attracting initial investment and for ensuring future revenue. Also, regulatory clarity is necessary to strengthen innovation. All applications and use of nanosciences and nanotechnologies must of course comply with the current high level of public health, safety, consumers and workers protection, and environmental protection. However,