Answer given by Mr Barnier on behalf of the Commission (25 November 2010) The work on removing obstacles to cross-border venture capital is an ongoing process. In its communication ‘Removing obstacles to cross-border investments by venture capital funds’ COM(2007)253 final. from December 2007, the Commission proposed key recommendations and identified mutual recognition of venture capital funds as the most promising way forward in the short term. The Council and Parliament agreed with the Commission’s recommendations and invited the Member States to commit to a more integrated venture capital market in Europe. However, in its review in December 2009 Cross-border venture capital in the European Union, European Commission, Directorate-General (DG) for Enterprise and Industry, December 2009 (http://ec.europa.eu/enterprise/policies/finance/risk-capital/venture-capital/). the Commission concluded that this process had not brought about the expected reduction of the fragmentation of venture capital markets. The directive on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (AIFM) Official reference pending. will contribute to improving the landscape in which venture capital funds operate, in particular by facilitating cross-border fund-raising. Work has also taken place on examining the direct tax obstacles that arise for venture capital funds when investing across borders Report of expert group on removing tax obstacles to cross-border venture capital investments, European Commission, DG taxation and Customs Union. (http://ec.europa.eu/venture-capital/). . The Commission is convinced that to promote innovation and growth in Europe a well-functioning venture capital market is essential. Venture capital funds are a valuable source of finance for innovative firms with potential for high growth, a point that has been made forcefully in the communication ‘Europe 2020 Flagship Initiative — Innovation Union’. COM(2010)546 final. In this communication as well as in the ‘Single Market Act’ COM(2010)608 final. , the Commission is proposing to ensure that venture capital funds established in any Member State can function and invest freely in the EU (if necessary by adopting a new legislative regime). The Commission also indicated that it will endeavour to eliminate any tax treatment unfavourable to cross-border activities.