in combating piracy. Amendment 23 Proposal for a regulation Recital 11 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (11a) In the area of p ort s tate c ontrol, the Union is working closely with the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control . In order to maximise efficiency, the Agency and the Secretariat of the Paris Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control should cooperate as closely as possible, while the Commission and Member States should examine all options for further efficiency gains. Justification At a time of budgetary rigour, it is essential to avoid duplicating structures and to assign work to the body that is most capable of doing it in an efficient and cost-effective manner. Amendment 24 Proposal for a regulation Recital 11 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (11b) The Agency's expertise in the areas of pollution and accident response in the marine environment would also be valuable in the development of guidance on the licensing of oil and gas exploration and production. The Agency should therefore assist the Commission and Member States in this task. Amendment 25 Proposal for a regulation Recital 13 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (13) The Commission and the Agency should cooperate closely in the preparation of the operational working methods of the Agency regarding inspections. As long as the measures concerning those working methods have not entered into force, the Agency should follow the existing practise for the conduct of the inspections. (13) The Commission and the Agency should cooperate closely to prepare as urgently as possible the operational working methods of the Agency regarding inspections. As long as the measures concerning those working methods have not entered into force, the Agency should follow the existing practice for the conduct of the inspections. Amendment 26 Proposal for a regulation Recital 14 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 14. The requirements for the operational working methods of the Agency for conducting inspections should be adopted by in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission. (14) In order to adopt the requirements for the operational working methods of the Agency for conducting inspections, the power to adopt acts in accordance with Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union should be delegated to the Commission . Justification