facing the international community from the Balkans to Iraq and Afghanistan, Geoffrey VAN ORDEN (EPP-ED, Eastern) concentrated on the need for European countries to increase military budgets to enable a more effective contribution to be made here. He then welcomed the recent EU agreement to a plan for Afghan refugees to return home. His other concern was the large number of land mines still in Afghanistan which, he said, posed a major threat to the long term reconstruction of the country and called for a new strategy, with the Commission playing a key role to deal with this threat. John CUSHNAHAN (EPP-ED, Munster) felt it was an appropriate time to assess progress in Afghanistan and, while he recognised the considerable achievements of the international community and indeed the Commission, he emphasised the importance of creating jobs. He pointed out that, while seemingly enormous sums of aid had been donated to the area on a per capita basis, this only amounted to $75 for each Afghan citizen as against $250 per citizen in the Balkans. Urging an increase in the commitments from the international community, he emphasised that taking action at an earlier stage in any international crisis was far more effective than being faced with a reconstruction bill later. He too felt there was no room for complacency and, while recognising progress in the move towards democracy and elections next year, he was another speaker to warn of the threat posed by the warlords and discrimination faced by women. In response to the debate, Minister Yiannitsis stressed the importance of extending the power government to regions outside Kabul, extending the mandate of ISAF for security reasons and improving the situation of women. He commented that this would be a long process and the balance between short-term aid and long-term reconstruction should be reached. In his reply to the debate, Chris Patten recognised the concern expressed by MEPs over women's rights. He emphasised that the EU was supporting projects designed to improve the situation and undertook to raise the question at the next meeting of the Afghan Forum in March. Parliament's support for ongoing action in the reconstruction of Afghanistan was vital in the sense that it approved necessary funding, he said. As to the effective co-ordination of aid between the various agencies, new structures were now in place to improve matters here and he undertook to examine progress on his