a view to finally shifting the emphasis of the Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) so that the practice of discarding is ultimately eliminated". According to MEPs, one effective action to reduce unwanted by-catches and discards is a reduction in overall fishing effort, "since depleted stocks consist mainly of under-sized fish", accompanied by an improvement in selective measures. They recognize that "reduced fishing pressure would provide significant benefits for the industry by allowing depleted stocks to recover and become more productive as well as saving time and effort in sorting the catch". Incentives for the industry to improve its fishing practices The EP encourages the Commission, the Member States and other stakeholders to consider the "use of incentives for the industry to improve its fishing practices", mentioning various possibilities for such incentives, including: allowing more days at sea or increasing the allowable fishing time, for vessels using more selective gear; providing preferential access for vessels using selective gear to areas that are closed to those vessels not using selective gear; allowing vessels with more selective gear to fish during times when others are not allowed. "The industry would respond more favourably and with greater effect to a combination of positive and negative incentives, which should be given an opportunity to produce results", MEPs say, adding that "a discard ban should be implemented after other types of negative incentives have been tried, including timed series of increases in mesh sizes, closed areas and others". If discard bans are adopted for specific fisheries, then "in order to avoid perverse incentives such as creating a market for small fish or fish caught without quotas, such fish should not be marketed directly under any circumstances". The House considers that "the vessels may be compensated for the costs incurred in bringing to shore what they would have discarded". MEPs say that, for example, "the fish involved could be used for fishmeal and fishoil production with any such company utilising this facility contributing to a regionally organised compensation fund". Pilot projects According to the EP, the most sensible way to proceed is by choosing a number of pilot fisheries, based upon the quantity of discards produced or on the conservation status of the species involved. The pilot projects should be selected in several zones to represent the geographical variety of Community fisheries. Each pilot project must also involve a sufficient number of vessels to cover the diversity of