developing fast. (Amendment 6) Recital 3a (new) (3a) Respect for intellectual property and labelling of works are preconditions for increased distribution and exploitation of digital content on global networks. (Amendment 7) Recital 3b (new) (3b) The Commission should promote mechanisms for supporting the European content industry for the Internet, the audiovisual sector and multimedia, as well as innovation in R & D, information technology and enterprise creation. (Amendment 50) Recital 4 (4) There are numerous barriers to the full development of the European content industries and markets. (4) There are numerous barriers to the full development of the European content industries and markets , even if some of them also represent an opportunity, such as the cost of Internet access, the cost of translation, the linguistic and cultural diversity of Europe, which is split up into national markets. Care must be taken to ensure that these barriers are dismantled. The Commission and the Member States must endeavour to simplify national rules and eliminate barriers which impede the full development of the industries. Regulation at EU and Member State level must be clear, simple and predictable and must lead to efficient competition. (Amendment 9) Recital 8 (8) Community actions undertaken concerning the content of information should respect the Union's multilingual and multicultural character and encourage initiatives that facilitate access to digital information in the languages of present and candidate countries. (8) Community actions undertaken concerning the digital content and particularly the content of information should respect the Union's multilingual and multicultural character and encourage initiatives that facilitate access to digital information in the languages, including ethnic minority and regional languages, of present and candidate countries. (Amendment 10) Recital 10 (10) Measures should be taken encouraging participation of SMEs in Information Society developments. (10) Measures should be taken to encourage participation and greater involvement of SMEs, start-ups (Internet business), and the non-profit sector in the programmes. The provision of content should strive to be multilingual from the outset. Multilingual content should be incorporated wherever possible at the embryonic stage of electronic communication and website development, since the cost of providing multilingual content later on could be much higher. Measures should also be taken to promote mechanisms enabling such undertakings to have access to funding sources at all their stages of development, including the earliest. (Amendment 11) Recital 10a (new) (10a) The procedures concerning calls for proposals have to be improved in order