Options for an oil-free future Environment General 2010-12-07 - 20:53 The science, technology and economics of running Europe without oil were the focus of the 9th annual lecture by the European Parliament's Science and Technology Options Assessment (STOA) unit on Tuesday. Speakers set out various options, from fleets of electric cars with changeable batteries, to replacing oil with methanol, but agreed that there is no single answer and that all possibilities should be seriously considered. Vice-President responsible for STOA Silvana Koch-Mehrin (ALDE, DE), opened the event by stressing the huge potential benefits of changing from conventional, internal combustion engine vehicles, to electric cars which at present account for a negligible share of the European market. Electric demonstrator cars were on show outside Parliament's Brussels building for the day. STOA Chairman Paul Rübig (EPP, AT), advocated stepping up efforts to improve energy efficiency and rethinking the alternatives to oil. He made a case for eco-efficient transport, sustainable energy sources and a social network that embraces ethics and promotes co-operation among citizens. Internal market committee chair Malcolm Harbour (ECR, UK), called for a thorough assessment of oil use and possible alternatives in EU Member States. They should exchange their information and best practices on this issue, but also do more to support new, start-up technologies and entrepreneurs through public procurement, he said. Switch to non-oil personal transport in less than a decade? Shai Agassi , CEO of the Better Place company, which will operate battery recharging networks and swapping stations in Israel and Denmark early in 2011, was certain that Europe will switch to electric cars in less then ten years, because oil is getting ever more expensive, while each new generation of batteries is cheaper and more efficient than the previous ones. "Consumers will embrace electric cars when they offer them the same convenience, but are as cheap to buy as a 3-year old petrol car and cost the same to run per kilometre," said Mr Agassi, adding that the problem of the relatively short range of electric cars would be solved by setting up networks of recharge/exchange points. He estimated that "the price of setting up such a network in a given country or a continent is equivalent to only 6 days of its costs on gasoline". He also urged Europe's legislators to move faster in this area, because China "is already in its rear view mirror and about to