Open skies EU-US agreement - MEPs call for it to be endorsed Transport 2007-03-14 - 14:58 MEPs broadly in favour of draft EU-US Open Skies agreement MEPs adopted a resolution on the recent draft EU-US Opens Skies agreement recognising the importance of the EU-US aviation agreement not only in its own right but also as a model for later agreements. MEPs call on the Council Ministers of Transport to endorse the 2 March 2007 draft agreement during its meeting of 22 and 23 March 2007. The House calls upon EU and US negotiators to reach a balanced aviation agreement as soon as possible. The House welcomes, therefore, the text for a new draft agreement agreed upon by EU and US delegations on 2 March 2007 as an important step towards an integrated transatlantic aviation market that will be to the benefit of consumers. MEPs would have preferred the conclusion of one balanced overall agreement covering all aspects of market opening and regulatory convergence to a phased approach employing partial agreements. Market opening Parliament emphasises that a new EU-US aviation agreement should be balanced in terms of market access, considering also such issues as cabotage, right of establishment, ownership and de facto control and state aid. MEPs, therefore, prefer the inclusion of cabotage in the agreement, as without cabotage an agreement will tend to be in favour of US carriers, who are allowed flights between points in different EU Member States, whereas EU carriers are not allowed flights between points in the US. MEPs regret that no progress has been made on cabotage and that the possibility for EU carriers to exercise effective control over a US airline is still limited, even with the extended ownership clauses. Safety and security Parliament calls on the Commission and the US, to review the efficiency of the additional security measures enforced since 2001 so as to eliminate overlapping and weak links in the security chain. MEPs advocate the concept of 'one stop security', checking passengers and luggage only at the start of their journey and not again at every transfer. Environment MEPs recognise that the aviation sector has several negative environmental effects, in particular as a source of noise and as a contributor, like other modes of transport, to climate change, and that these effects will increase with the growth of aviation. The House underlines the need for both the EU and the US