to set the commitment appropriations at the same level as in 2005, while signifying her agreement to the level of payment appropriations proposed by the Commission. It is essential to encourage all efforts to facilitate access by SMEs in difficulties to reasonable financing. These measures should also promote ethical financing instruments based on solidarity in order to encourage human, social and environmental development. 5. Administrative expenditure in the competition policy area (budget heading 03 01 01) and expenditure in the area of mergers and liberalisation (budget heading 03 03 01) The 14% increase in the PDB over 2005 in the appropriations allocated to expenditure on staff in active employment in the competition policy area was subsequently reduced by the Council. However, your draftswoman feels it is essential that the Commission services have available adequate resources to discharge the tasks entrusted to them in this area. Accordingly, by way of compromise, she proposes an increase in appropriations for 2006 of at least 10%. As regards the budgetary resources for the accompanying measures for the reform of the system of mergers, your draftswoman welcomes the fact that the amounts for 2005 have been maintained. 6. Completion of Fiscalis programme (budget heading 14 05 01) and Fiscalis 2007 (budget heading 14 05 03) In view of the completion of the Fiscalis programme, your draftswoman agrees that the 2006 budget should not contain any commitment or payment appropriations for this item. At the same time, it is important to allocate the necessary budgetary resources to the new Fiscalis 2007 programme. Your draftswoman welcomes the planned increase in commitment appropriations for this programme which is mainly intended for the training of officials. Nevertheless, according to in-house figures produced by the Commission, it appears that the payment appropriations are not sufficient for 2006. Your draftswoman will therefore be tabling an amendment seeking to increase the payment appropriations by 20% in order to guarantee better availability of the necessary resources attached to this programme. 7. Prince - role of the European Union in the world (budget heading 19 11 03) Against the background of globalisation in which the role of the European Union as a player on the world stage is becoming ever more pronounced, it is essential to ensure that the governments and citizens of the world are properly informed not only about developments within the European Union but also about its priorities and values. Your