item on the agenda of the first meeting of the committee responsible following the date of its communication. The Council may be invited to present its position. 3. Unless otherwise decided, the rapporteur at second reading shall be the same as at first reading. 4. The provisions for Parliament's second reading in Rule 66(2), (3) and (5) shall apply to the proceedings in the committee responsible; only members or permanent substitutes of that committee may table proposals for rejection and amendments. The committee shall decide by a majority of the votes cast. 5. Before voting, the committee may request the Chair and rapporteur to discuss amendments that have been tabled in the committee with the President of the Council or the latter's representative and with the Commissioner responsible present. The rapporteur may table compromise amendments following such discussion. 6. The committee responsible shall submit a recommendation for second reading proposing the approval, amendment or rejection of the position adopted by the Council. The recommendation shall include a short justification for the decision proposed. Plenary stage Rule 64 Conclusion of second reading 1. The Council's position and, where available, the recommendation for second reading of the committee responsible shall automatically be placed on the draft agenda for the part-session whose Wednesday falls before and closest to the day of expiry of the period of three months or, if extended in accordance with Rule 62, of four months, unless the matter has been dealt with at an earlier part-session. The recommendations for second reading submitted by parliamentary committees are equivalent to an explanatory statement in which the committee justifies its position in relation to the Council's position. There is no vote on these texts. 2. The second reading shall be concluded when Parliament approves, rejects or amends the Council's position within the time limits and in accordance with the conditions laid down by Article 294 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. Rule 65 Rejection of the Council's position 1. The committee responsible, a political group or at least 40 Members may, in writing and before a deadline set by the President, table a proposal to reject the Council's position. Such a proposal shall require for adoption the votes of a majority of the component Members of Parliament. A proposal to reject the Council's position shall be voted on before voting on any amendments. 2. Notwithstanding a vote by