resume or continue the consideration of such matters. These provisions shall not apply to petitions and communications that do not require a decision. Rule 215 Arrangement of annexes The annexes to these Rules of Procedure shall be arranged under the following four headings: (a) implementing provisions for procedures under these Rules, adopted by a majority of the votes cast (Annex VII); (b) provisions adopted in implementation of specific terms of the Rules of Procedure and in accordance with the procedures and majority rules laid down therein (Annexes I, II, III, IV, VI, VIII(A), (C) and (D), and X); (c) interinstitutional agreements or other provisions adopted in accordance with the Treaties which are applicable within Parliament or which have a bearing on its operation. Decisions to annex such provisions to the Rules of Procedure shall be taken by Parliament by a majority of the votes cast, on a proposal from its committee responsible (Annexes VIII(B), IX, XI, XII, XIII, XIV, XV, XIX and XX); (d) guidelines and codes of conduct adopted by the relevant bodies of Parliament (Annexes XVI, XVII, XVIII and XXI). Rule 216 Corrigenda 1. If an error is identified in a text adopted by Parliament, the President shall, where appropriate, refer a draft corrigendum to the committee responsible. 2. If an error is identified in a text adopted by Parliament and agreed with other institutions, the President shall seek the agreement of those institutions on the necessary corrections before proceeding in accordance with paragraph 1. 3. The committee responsible shall examine the draft corrigendum and submit it to Parliament if it is satisfied that an error has occurred which can be corrected in the proposed manner. 4. The corrigendum shall be announced at the following part-session. It shall be deemed approved unless, not later than 48 hours after its announcement, a request is made by a political group or at least 40 Members that it be put to the vote. If the corrigendum is not approved, it shall be referred back to the committee responsible which may propose an amended corrigendum or close the procedure. 5. Approved corrigenda shall be published in the same way as the text to which they refer. Rules 72, 73 and 74 shall apply mutatis mutandis . ANNEX I Provisions governing the application of Rule 9(1) - Transparency and Members' financial interests Article 1 1. Before speaking in Parliament or in one of