1996. Although this joint action has enabled progress to be made in European judicial cooperation, it has proved inadequate - as the Council recognises in its first report on the matter Council report on implementation of the joint action of 15 July 1996, 7808/1/98. . It is essential for perpetrators of acts of racist violence not to be able to take advantage of the fact that they are treated differently in different Member States in order to escape prosecution. Whence the need for this proposal for a framework decision based on Articles 29 and 34 of the TEU, which the EP called for in paragraph 17 of its resolution of 21 September 2000 on the European Union's position at the World Conference against Racism. The proposal for a framework decision will lead to a genuine approximation of national criminal law, thus resolving the problem of double criminality, which is currently preventing effective action being taken against racist behaviour in the EU. II. Substance of the proposal for a framework decision Compared with the joint action, the proposal for a framework decision contains: - a broader definition of offences involving racism and xenophobia; - minimum penalties for both natural and legal persons; - provision for aggravating circumstances being taken into account in certain cases; - the strengthening of judicial cooperation procedures in order to facilitate the prosecution of the perpetrators of racist offences, particularly on the Internet. 1. A broader definition of offences involving racism and xenophobia The list of racist and xenophobic offences contained in the joint action of 1996 has been taken over, added to and further clarified. The obligation to make racist and xenophobic acts punishable as criminal offences is no longer limited simply to cases of public incitement to violence or hatred but now extends also to 'any other racist or xenophobic behaviour', particularly the dissemination of racist content on the Internet: anything which is illegal off-line must be illegal on-line. Similarly, the trivialisation of genocide has, in accordance with German law, now been added to its public denial. Lastly, Article 4 requires the Member States to ensure that such conduct is punishable as a criminal offence. The option that previously existed of choosing between making such conduct punishable as a criminal offence and derogating from the principle of double criminality no longer applies. 2. Minimum penalties Article 5 lays down minimum penalties to apply throughout the