Parliament's Committees this week Institutions 2009-11-03 - 16:16 The European Parliament in Brussels This week in Brussels sees a full week of Committee meetings in which climate change and the economic crisis will be debated. The threat of piracy to the EU fishing fleet and the telecoms package of legislation, which could shake up that sector, are also on the agenda. Turning to foreign affairs senior officials from Croatia and Serbia will both be in the Parliament as will US Secretary of Homeland Security, Janet Napolitano, to discuss relations between Brussels and Washington. Wednesday 4 November Climate Change: Ahead of the UN climate summit in December MEPs on the environment Committee will hold talks with Europe's Environment Commissioner, Stavros Dimas, as Europe seeks a common position ahead of the make or break conference. (1100-1230). Social effects of the economic crisis: Members of the cross party Employment Committee will be looking at the state of Europe's public finances and the social effects of the economic crisis. They will be joined by Europe's Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner, Joaquín Almunia (1515-1645) Tuna fleet and Pirates: The question of how to protect EU tuna fishing vessels in the Indian Ocean from pirate attacks will be debated by the Fisheries Committee with Spanish and French representatives of the sector. Telecoms package reaches conciliation stage: Internet access will be the main issue when the Parliament's delegation and the Council will meet to seek an agreement on the telecoms package (Wednesday evening). The meeting is in camera but there will be a streamed press conference on Thursday at 09h00. Budget Discharge for the Council. The Budgetary Control Committee will vote for a second time on whether to grant the Council a discharge (release) for the 2007 accounts. (0900-1230) EU hopefuls Croatia: Senior officials from Zagreb will be in Brussels to meet with the Foreign Affairs Committee between 1630 and 1800. Momentum towards EU membership for the former Yugoslav state has picked up after it came to an agreement with its neighbour Slovenia over a sea-border issue. Financial crisis: The Special Committee on the Financial, Economic and Social Crisis, chaired by German Liberal Wolf Klinz, will hold its first meeting from 1000 to 1200. Women's rights: The Women's Rights Committee will discuss with EU Ministers in the Council issues related to the work-life balance (0900-11-00). It is likely to later adopt a motion for resolution on the