to ensure that producers provide information , free of charge, about preparation for re-use and treatment in respect of each type of new EEE placed on the market within one year after the equipment is placed on the market. This information shall identify, as far as it is needed by centres which prepare for re-use and treatment and recycling facilities in order to comply with the provisions of this Directive, the different EEE components and materials, as well as the location of dangerous substances and mixtures in EEE. It shall be made available to centres which prepare for re-use and treatment and recycling facilities by producers of EEE in the form of manuals or by means of electronic media (e.g. CD-ROM, online services). Justification The information required should be made available free of charge to ensure environmentally sound treatment that is not dependent on payment; this applies in particular to re-use centres run by NGOs. Amendment 61 Council position Article 15 – paragraph 2 Council position Amendment 2. Member States shall ensure that a producer, as defined in Article 3(1)(f) (i) and (ii) , of an EEE that is placed on the market is clearly identifiable by a mark on the EEE. Furthermore, in order to enable the date upon which the EEE was placed on the market to be determined unequivocally, a mark on the EEE shall specify that the latter was placed on the market after 13 August 2005. Preferably, the European Standard EN 50419 shall be applied for this purpose. 2. Member States shall ensure that any producer of an EEE that is placed on the Union market for the first time is clearly identifiable by a mark on the EEE. Furthermore, in order to enable the date upon which the EEE was placed on the market to be determined unequivocally, a mark on the EEE shall specify that the latter was placed on the market after 13 August 2005. Preferably, the European Standard EN 50419 shall be applied for this purpose. Justification It is difficult to understand why the marking obligation does not apply to all producers. The position from the first reading is reinstated. Under the Council's national producer approach, a new mark is required whenever a product is placed on the market in another Member State. This is a clear impediment to the internal market. Under the European producer approach, this obligation only applies