Answer given by Mr Füle on behalf of the Commission (11 February 2011) 1. Hacettepe University was commissioned by the Turkish government in 2005 to provide quantitative and qualitative data on internally displaced persons (IDPs). The findings of the survey were publicly released on 6 December 2006; it was reported that around 953 680 to 1 201 200 persons were displaced because of the conflict in the period 1986‑2005 More details are available at: http://www.hips.hacettepe.edu.tr/eng/tgyona_eng.shtml . 2. The main conclusions from the two completed projects, Ekosep (Support to the Solution of Economic and Social Integration Problems in Diyarbakir, Sanliurfa, Gaziantep and Erzurum as Major In-Migrant Destinations Project) and IGEP (Support to the Solution of Economic and Social Integration Problems in Istanbul, Izmir, Ankara and Bursa as Major In-Migrant Destinations) are: Internal migration in the last two decades has been accompanied by security problems in East and Southeast Anatolia, large-scale development projects and displacement caused by natural disasters. Problems related to internal migration/displacement require urgent solutions, not only to ensure the integration and participation of the migrated population into urban life, but also to address serious challenges including discrimination. The projects promoted an approach against all forms of alienation and discrimination. During the implementation of the Ekosep and IGEP projects it was emphasised that integration problems should not be perceived as solely the problem of those migrating. For this purpose a coordination and cooperation model was developed with the participation of civil society organisations, public institutions, governorships and local administrations. A new proposal, to be financed by the Instrument for Pre-Accession in 2011, ‘Economic and Social Integration of Internally Displaced Persons in Van Province’, should improve the socioeconomic conditions of Internally Displaced Persons through capacity building, easing access to basic services and promoting social integration. There are also a number of projects (both ongoing and closed) funded under the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights on asylum‑seekers and refugees and IDPs. 3, 4 and 5. The Commission is aware of issues concerning ethnic and religious minorities and monitors developments through a continued dialogue with the groups and communities concerned as well as with relevant NGOs. The EU's Accession Partnership with Turkey lists a number of related priorities, for instance the abolition of the village guard system. Furthermore, the Commission addresses these issues regularly, for instance in its annual progress report and in the political dialogue meetings with the Turkish authorities.