expects to deny boarding on a flight, it shall first identify any passenger still awaiting check-in for the flight concerned at the time check-in closes and then call for volunteers to surrender their confirmed reservations in exchange for benefits under conditions to be agreed between the passenger concerned and the air carrier or tour operator. Such conditions shall not be less than those set out in Articles 7, 8 &9 of this Regulation. Justification Self-explanatory. Amendment 8 Article 5 (3) 3. If boarding is denied to passengers, the air carrier or tour operator shall immediately compensate them in accordance with Article 7 and assist them in accordance with Articles 8 and 9. 3. If boarding is denied to passengers, the air carrier or tour operator shall immediately compensate volunteers and non volunteers in accordance with Article 7 and assist them in accordance with Articles 8 and 9. Justification To clarify the text Amendment 9 Article 6 An air carrier or tour operator shall not deny boarding to a disabled passenger and any accompanying person, to a passenger whose mobility is otherwise reduced or to an unaccompanied child. An air carrier or tour operator shall not deny boarding to a disabled passenger and any accompanying person or certified service dog , to a passenger whose mobility is otherwise reduced , to an unaccompanied child , or to passengers travelling with small children. However, persons with reduced mobility ( PRMs),disabled and other passengers with special needs shall be allowed to exercise the option to volunteer to surrender their confirmed reservations in exchange for benefits under conditions to be agreed between the passenger concerned and the air carrier or tour operator. Justification A number of disabled persons rely on a certified service dog to assist them in their journey. The voluntary commitments on air passenger rights have recognised that certified service dogs may be allowed to travel with the disabled person in the cabin free of charge. It is important that reference to certified service dogs be made in Article 6 Amendment 10 Article 7 (1) 1. In the case of denied boarding passengers shall receive compensation amounting to: 1. In the case of denied boarding passengers shall receive compensation * amounting to: (a) Euros 750 for flights of less than 3,500 kilometres; (a) Euros 750 (or the equivalent in the currency of that Member State) for flights of less than 3,500 kilometres;