Jean Lambert , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Alejandro Cercas , on behalf of the S Group, Marian Harkin and Elizabeth Lynne , on behalf of the ALDE Group , to the Commission: Medium-term financial assistance for Member States' balances of payments and social conditionality ( B7-0215/2009 ) Tatjana Ždanoka , Elizabeth Lynne and Alejandro Cercas moved the oral question. Joaquín Almunia (Member of the Commission) answered the oral question. The following spoke: Jean-Paul Gauzès , on behalf of the PPE Group, Pervenche Berès , on behalf of the S Group, Marian Harkin , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Patrick Le Hyaric , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš , Kinga Göncz , Jürgen Klute , Theodor Dumitru Stolojan and Proinsias De Rossa . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Czesław Adam Siekierski , Ilda Figueiredo and Seán Kelly . The following spoke: Joaquín Almunia . The debate closed. 22 Political situation in Honduras with a view to the elections on 29 November 2009 (debate) Commission statement: Political situation in Honduras with a view to the elections on 29 November 2009 Catherine Ashton (Member of the Commission) made the statement. The following spoke: Alojz Peterle , on behalf of the PPE Group, Luis Yáñez-Barnuevo García , on behalf of the S Group, Izaskun Bilbao Barandica , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Catherine Greze , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Edvard Kožušník , on behalf of the ECR Group, Ilda Figueiredo , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Filip Kaczmarek , Emine Bozkurt , Willy Meyer and Carlos José Iturgaiz Angulo . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Bogusław Sonik , Ricardo Cortés Lastra and Ulrike Lunacek . The following spoke: Catherine Ashton . The debate closed. 23 "made in" (origin marking) (debate) Commission statement: "made in" (origin marking) Catherine Ashton (Member of the Commission) made the statement. The following spoke: Cristiana Muscardini , on behalf of the PPE Group, Gianluca Susta , on behalf of the S Group, Niccolò Rinaldi , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Carl Schlyter , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Helmut Scholz , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group , Lara Comi , Kader Arif , Jacky Hénin and Christofer Fjellner . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Mairead McGuinness , Seán Kelly and Sergio Paolo Francesco Silvestris . The following spoke: Catherine Ashton