PDB for agriculture represent the bare minimum and therefore calls for all PDB lines to be restored, which is all the more vital given that the Commission’s forecasts, on which the PDB figures are based, very often turn out to be optimistic by comparison with actual market developments; 8. Welcomes the fact that the Council has made no reduction in amounts for rural development; 9. Endorses the Council’s decision on revision of the financial perspective, thus making it possible to transfer EUR 655 m in direct-aid modulation appropriations from heading 1a to heading 1b, but regrets the fact that the decision was taken so late, thus posing major programming problems; 10. Takes the view that, for greater clarity, the budget lines between which modulation amounts have been distributed should be identified, and calls for modulation amounts, rather than being spread thinly between the majority of rural development measures, to be concentrated on a limited number of priorities such as the setting-up of young farmers, training or less-favoured areas; 11. Takes the view that amounts freed up if some Member States are unable to use rural development funding in its entirety should be reallocated for rural development; 12. Takes the view that heading 1a appropriations unused by the end of the financial year should not simply be returned to Member States, but, rather, should be earmarked for an agriculture-related purpose; 13. Proposes that there should be an increase in funding for improved promotion of quality products and for promotion of regional marketing and regional labels and in funding for provision of information on the common agricultural policy; 14. Considers that, in order to teach sound dietary habits and combat obesity in young children, schools should likewise be able to take advantage of the free distribution of fruit and vegetables; 15. At a time when the search for alternatives to oil should be a priority, the reduction in appropriations for aid for energy crops is totally illogical; 16. Calls for additional appropriations to be allocated for aid for setting up young farmers and for training, these being two key areas for ensuring that the countryside remains alive; 17. Calls for particular attention for innovation and renewal within the CAP, as this is of vital importance in the reformed agricultural policy, and calls for attention to be devoted to innovation particularly with reference to the establishment of young farmers and to training activities;