strict and sound security measures at the relevant national services, especially in order to meet the confidentiality requirements for the donors and recipients set out in the proposal, as well as to safeguard integrity, accountability and availability of these data. Amendment 76 Proposal for a directive Article 17 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 17 Anonymisation of donors and recipients d eleted Member States shall take all necessary measures to ensure that all personal data of donors and recipients processed within the scope of this Directive are rendered anonymous so that neither donors nor recipients remain identifiable. Justification Article 17 as such could be deleted, incorporating its content (in terms of confidentiality needs) in a new paragraph of Article 16 on the Protection of personal data, confidentiality and security of processing. Amendment 77 Proposal for a directive Article 18 – title Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Designation and tasks of competent authorities Designation and tasks of the competent authorities , organisations and institutions Justification The existing organisational structures for organ donation, allocation and transplantation in the Member States are closely connected to the organisation of the national health care system in general. Recital 19 states that within Members States, a combination of local, regional, national and/or international bodies may work together to co-ordinate donation, allocation and/or transplantation, provided that the framework in place ensures accountability, co-operation and efficiency. See also Amendment 38. Amendment 78 Proposal for a directive Article 18 – paragraph 2 – introductory part Text proposed by the Commission Amendment The competent authorities shall, in particular, take the following measures: The competent authorities or institutions shall, in particular, take the following measures: Amendment 79 Proposal for a directive Article 18 – paragraph 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Member State s may delegate, or may allow a Competent Authority to delegate, part or all of the tasks assigned to it under this Directive to another body which is deemed suitable under national provisions. Such a body may also assist a Competent Authority in carrying out its functions. Justification Agree with the need of introducing the concept of the possibility of delegation. This wording is more flexible. This paragraph should be placed before the measures to take (18.2) Amendment 80 Proposal for a directive Article 18 – paragraph 2 – point b Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (b) ensure that procurement organisations and