ORAL QUESTION WITH DEBATE O-0075/09 pursuant to Rule 108 of the Rules of Procedure by Alexander Graf Lambsdorff , on behalf of the ALDE Group to the Commission Subject: Freedom of the press and freedom of expression in Turkey (Candidate for accession to the EU) In its progress report of 5 November 2008, (SEC(2008)2699), the Commission indicated that certain legal provisions restricting freedom of expression and freedom of the press in Turkey are a continued cause for concern, as further evidenced by the most recent incidents documented by human rights observers in Turkey. In view of this, can the Commission provide the following information: 1. Does the Commission have information concerning the following incidents in Turkey? If not, why not? If so, what information does it have? a) The cancellation of press accreditation from critical journalists by the Prime Minister or officials in the Prime Minister’s office and legal actions against critical publications 1, 5 b) The arrest of critical journalists and publishers, some of which were allegedly unjustified, as part of the investigation of the illegal Ergenekon Network 2, 5 c) Transfer of control over the ATV-Sabah 2008 media group through its acquisition by Calik Holding, which is run by the Prime Minister’s son-in-law and co-funded by State banks 3 d) Public statements by the Prime Minister calling for the boycotting of journalists and publications 4, 5 e) The circumstances surrounding the fine of $500 million imposed on the Dogan Media group for late payment of taxes (judgment of 16 February 2009) together with reports that the government is attempting to manipulate the media group and is calling for a boycott against it 6 . 2. Is the Commission more or less concerned at the situation regarding freedom of expression and freedom of the press in Turkey than at the date of publication of the progress report? If it is not concerned, why not? if it is, what specific measures do the Council and Commission intend to take? What importance is being attached to ‘freedom of the press and freedom of expression’ in the context of the current accession negotiations? Sources 1 to 5 and Source 6 were accessed on line on 18 March and 2 April respectively: 1) Today's Zaman, Prime Ministry under fire for accreditation move, by Fatma DİŞLİ, 14.11.2008, Online: http://www.todayszaman.com/tz-web/yazarDetay.do?haberno=158633 2) Reporters Without Borders, Journalist arrested and charged in connection with alleged Ergenekon conspiracy, 11.3.2009.