in order to reduce the burden of interest for beneficiaries in Latin American and Asian developing countries; 8. Stresses the importance of the micro-credit systems in assisting the income-generating activities of local communities in developing countries; 9. Underlines the need for those departments and delegations in the Commission which manage development cooperation to be provided with sufficient human resources and to be able to provide their personnel with the necessary training, particularly in the areas of gender mainstreaming, conflict prevention, environment and human rights; 10. Underscores the challenges for the African Union in the field of peace and security and the need to increase support for its administrative and operational capacities, for the development of the legislative, budgetary and control powers of the Pan-African Parliament and for Parliaments in new democracies; 11. Underlines the need to improve assistance to the international criminal tribunals and to the International Criminal Court; 12. Insists that it be regularly informed about the implementation of humanitarian aid and assistance for reconstruction and rehabilitation in the countries most affected by the tsunami; stresses that the quality of the information provided in this field and in other areas is of utmost importance for Parliament; 13. Notes that hundreds of millions of poor people are extremely vulnerable to hazards such as earthquakes, tropical storms, flooding, tsunamis or severe droughts; underlines the importance of integrating the risks of major disasters in development strategies and suggests that a certain percentage - in the range of 10% - of disaster relief funds should be allocated in support of disaster prevention and preparedness programmes; 14. Believes that internet technology should be used so that individual and institutional donors can see the amounts of money donated and the purposes for which they are being spent; asks the Commission to rapidly set up a system to allow the public to follow the implementation of EU development aid; 15. Is concerned that an unacceptably high proportion of aid is misappropriated, wasted, or spent on expatriate personnel and their offices, accommodation and transport, and considers that the Commission should put forward proposals for dealing with this issue including the use of available local personnel or the training of such personnel; 16. Decides to continue the funding for the prevention of poverty diseases (including the neglected diseases); invites the Council to increase by 10% the envelope provided for the fight against HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis. PROCEDURE Title