the Committee on Petitions open to all MEPs on 25 and 26 November. The full Parliament will then vote to choose the new Ombudsman at its Strasbourg plenary session in December. For further information please consult the website: http://www.europarl.eu.int/comparl/candidates/default_en.htm 21.10.2002 Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities In the chair: Vitalino GEMELLI (EPP-ED, I) Press enquiries: Patrick Baragiola - tel. (32-2) 28 43251 Gérard Motel - tél. (32-2) 28 42676 e-mail: peti-press@europarl.eu.int Conciliation Agreement on Solidarity Fund for natural disasters At a conciliation meeting conducted by video conference between Strasbourg and Luxembourg, the European Parliament and the Council reached agreement on the outstanding issues concerning the creation of a Solidarity Fund to relieve victims of the recent natural disasters in Europe. An agreement is still needed on the legal basis for the Fund. A Member State or a candidate country will only be able to apply for aid from the Fund if the damage caused by the disaster is estimated at over €3 billion or 0.6% of gross national income (GNI). Thanks to Parliament, however, where this condition is not met any region a large part of whose population is affected by a disaster may request exceptional aid up to a maximum of 7.5% of the annual amount available under the Fund. The competent authorities have 10 weeks to submit an application for assistance from the Fund. Once aid is granted, the Member States have one year to use the money from the date on which the funds are released. Because of the exceptional nature of the Solidarity Fund, an inter-institutional agreement (IIA) was also adopted which is complementary to the IIA of May 1999. Under this new IIA, the flexibility instrument will be used once the conditions for obtaining aid are met. The maximum annual amount available under the Solidarity Fund is €1 billion. The Commission will also bring forward as a matter of urgency a supplementary and amending budget (SAB) once all the information on the damage caused by the floods in central Europe has been gathered. Parliament hopes to adopt this SAB 5/2002 at its November II plenary in Strasbourg. 22.10.2002 Conciliation meeting Press enquiries: Philippe Kamaris - tel. (32-2) 28 46670 / Jean Yves Loog tel. (32-2) 28 44652 e-mail: budg-press@europarl.eu.int Fischler's CAP Mid-Term Review proposals endorsed with conditions attached The Agriculture Committee voted on Monday to endorse the main principles behind the Commission's plans for