Answer given by Mrs Ferrero-Waldner on behalf of the Commission (6 June 2008) The Commission agrees that the promotion and protection of the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people (LGBT) is an issue which deserves increased attention in the EU’s work in the international arena. The Commission has several tools with which to address this issue, such as supporting the work of non-governmental organisations (NGOs), advocating adherence to international conventions and commitment to international human rights fora, and engaging in bilateral dialogue. For countries with ENP (European Neighbourhood Policy) Action Plans such as Morocco and Egypt, the Commission has a structured institutional framework for pursuing these aims. In the case of Egypt, the Commission is aware of the concerns raised by the Honourable Member. The Commission has a joint commitment in its ENP Action Plan, concluded with Egypt in March 2007, to ‘cooperate to combat all forms of discrimination [and] intolerance’. The key institutional mechanism for discussing these aspects of the action plan is the subcommittee on political matters and human rights. The need to protect the rights of sexual minorities was also highlighted explicitly in the EU Declaration at the fourth EU‑Egypt Association Council of 28 April 2008. The Commission is also aware of the important role to be played by Egyptian civil society in this area and is in regular contact with local human rights NGOs which have addressed the incidents that the Honourable Member discusses in his letter. The Commission is also aware of the concerns raised regarding the situation of homosexuals in Morocco. The EU‑Morocco ENP Action Plan sets out joint commitments for both the short and medium-term in the areas of democracy, the rule of law, human rights and fundamental freedoms. Morocco and the EU have moreover established a Subcommittee on Human Rights, Democratisation and Governance through which to address these issues. This Subcommittee is scheduled to convene for the third time before the end of 2008. Morocco and the EU have agreed that individual cases can be raised in the context of the political dialogue where both sides deem this to be appropriate. The Commission supports and finances the activities of various human rights organisations in Morocco, such as the Association marocaine pour les droits de l'homme (AMDH). These NGOs have followed closely the cases of individuals who have recently been arrested for homosexuality in Morocco. Following these arrests, the AMDH launched