Positive and negative incentives for the industry to eliminate discards Fisheries 2008-01-31 - 13:18 The European Parliament adopted a report reacting to the Commission communication "A policy to reduce unwanted by-catches and eliminate discards in European fisheries". According to MEPs, the most sensible way to proceed is by choosing a number of pilot fisheries, based upon the quantity of discards produced or on the conservation status of the species involved. Two possible candidates would be the various beam trawl fisheries and those fisheries that catch and discard cod. Scottish government position The report welcomes the recent introduction by the Scottish Government, in cooperation with the Scottish fishing industry, of a voluntary system of real time area closures whereby fishing grounds will be closed for a three-week period in the event of skippers identifying a high abundance of undersized cod. The committee believes that schemes such as this, the first of its kind in Europe, have the potential to contribute to the reduction of discards whilst working with the full co-operation of the fishing industry. Beginning on 1 September 2007, the Scottish industry, in cooperation with the Scottish Executive, initiated a voluntary system of real-time closures. If on-board observers detect catches of small cod (specifically, 60 cod per hour of fishing) then further samples are taken and, if confirmed, a closed area of 15 miles square is created for a period of 21 days. Vessels from other Member States are encouraged to follow the scheme. By-catches and discards are a serious ecological and economic problem. On the one hand they are responsible for the imbalance seen in some ecosystems, and on the other hand they have been identified as the main cause of the depletion of stocks, some of them with a high commercial value, such as cod. Discards have been estimated to be between 7 million and 27 million tonnes per year worldwide, equivalent to one quarter of all fish and other species caught. In a report drawn up by Carl SCHLYTER (Greens/EFA, SE), the European Parliament welcomes the Commission's new attempt to stimulate discussion about this serious subject "with a view to finally shifting the emphasis of the Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) so that the practice of discarding is ultimately eliminated". According to MEPs, one effective action to reduce unwanted by-catches and discards is a reduction in overall fishing effort, "since depleted stocks consist mainly of under-sized fish", accompanied