Answer given by Mr Andor on behalf of the Commission (11 February 2011) The Commission would point that the main objective of the Flagship Initiative ‘An agenda for new skills and jobs’ Communication from the Commission ‘An Agenda for new skills and jobs: A European contribution towards full employment’, COM(2010)682 final. is to contribute to achieving the 75 % employment rate headline target for women and men aged 20‑64 by 2020. The Commission considers that the target can only be reached if the employment rate of older and disabled workers increases substantially. As such, the Flagship Initiative sets out a number of actions to help older workers stay longer on the labour market. In particular, the proposal to give new impetus to flexicurity will contribute to preventing older workers' early exits from the labour market, including through suitable contractual arrangements and social protection provisions. In addition, Member States should implement active labour market policies tailored to the needs of older people or people with disabilities to ensure that they can (re-)enter the labour market or progress within it. This includes laying emphasis on the implementation of lifelong learning strategies and on the development of new approaches to adult learning in order to help older workers to keep on improving their skills and to keep pace with rapid change on the labour markets. In order to support Member States in this endeavour, the Commission will in 2011 present a Communication on the implementation of lifelong learning strategies and competence development, a European policy handbook setting out a framework for the implemention of lifelong learning, and a renewed action plan for adult learning. The Commission also believes that quality of work and suitable working conditions can contribute to keeping older workers healthy and fit to remain on the labour markets. The Commission recognises that, while some progress has been achieved in this area, there is scope for further improvement. As such, the Flagship Initiative includes proposals to review parts of the EU‑level legal framework governing working conditions and health and safety at work as well ‘soft-law’ instruments in which social partners have a key role to play.The role of the social partners are also crucial, that's why the next Tripartite Social Forum will discuss the implementation of the Agenda for ne skills and jobs; forssen in March. Directive 2000/78/EC on equal treatment in employment has been transposed into the national law of