Answer given by Mr Oettinger on behalf of the Commission (31 March 2011) On 19 May 2010 the European Parliament and the Council adopted a recast of the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (EPBD Directive 2010/31/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 May 2010 on the energy performance of buildings (recast), OJ L153, 18.6.2010, p. 13. ). Article 9 of the EPBD requires Member States to ensure that by 31 December 2020 all new buildings (whether residential or non-residential) are nearly zero-energy buildings. New buildings occupied and owned by public authorities, which may include inter alia railway stations, are required to be nearly zero-energy by the end of 2018. Moreover, Member States are required to develop policies and take measures to stimulate the transformation of existing buildings into nearly zero-energy buildings and inform the Commission of their national plans in this context. Through the Intelligent Energy — Europe Programme (IEE), projects aimed at improving the energy efficiency of buildings have been supported. Relevant projects include, for example, ‘Energy performance assessment for existing non-residential buildings’ (EPA-NR For more information, please see: http://www.epa-nr.org ) and ‘Training programmes to increase energy-efficiency by railways’ (TRAINER For more information, please see: http://www.iee-trainer.eu ). Other EU financial programmes, such as Interreg IVB NEW For more information, please see: http://www.nweurope.eu/index.php , also fund relevant initiatives, for example the ‘Achieving sustainable stations’ (SusStation) project For more information, please see: http://www.nweurope.eu/index.php?act=project_detail&id=3954 . The Commission considers that the existing legislative framework, combined with support measures through the various funding programmes, give Member States and other actors ample opportunity to improve the energy efficiency and wider environment performance of buildings including railway stations.