behalf of the GUE/NGL Group Fiorello Provera and Bastiaan Belder , on behalf of the EFD Group Adopted ( P7_TA(2010)0310 ) The following had spoken: Mario Mauro , before the vote, to ask that the final vote be taken by roll call. Parliament had agreed to the request. Richard Howitt requested roll-call votes on paragraph 7 and indent 5. Parliament had not agreed to the request, as there were a number of objections. 7 Explanations of vote Written explanations of vote: Explanations of vote submitted in writing under Rule 170 appear in the Verbatim Report of Proceedings for the sitting. Oral explanations of vote: Recommendation for second reading: Elisabeth Jeggle - A7-0230/2010 Jarosław Kalinowski , Romana Jordan Cizelj , Peter Jahr , Alfredo Antoniozzi , Mairead McGuinness , Jens Rohde , Mario Pirillo , Marian Harkin , Hannu Takkula , Anna Záborská , Bogusław Liberadzki and Sirpa Pietikäinen Report: Csaba Őry - A7-0235/2010 Clemente Mastella , Erminia Mazzoni , Alajos Mészáros , Sergej Kozlík , Giommaria Uggias , Tunne Kelam , Alfredo Antoniozzi , Marian Harkin , Czesław Adam Siekierski , Daniel Hannan and Syed Kamall Human rights in Iran, in particular the cases of Sakineh Mohammadi-Ashtiani and of Zahra Bahrami - RC-B7-0494/2010 Erminia Mazzoni , Tunne Kelam , Mairead McGuinness , Cristiana Muscardini , Hannu Takkula , Seán Kelly , Syed Kamall and Daniel Hannan 8 Corrections to votes and voting intentions Corrections to votes and voting intentions appear on the 'Séance en direct' website under 'Votes'/'Results of votes'/'Roll-call votes'. They are published in hard copy in the Result of roll-call votes annex. The electronic version on Europarl will be regularly updated for a maximum of two weeks after the day of the vote concerned. After the two-week deadline has passed, the list of corrections to votes and voting intentions will be finalised so that it can be translated and published in the Official Journal. ° ° ° ° Reinhard Bütikofer announced that his voting machine had malfunctioned during the vote on the recommendation by Elisabeth Jeggle ( A7-0230/2010 ) and the report by Csaba Őry ( A7-0235/2010 ). Véronique De Keyser announced that her voting machine had malfunctioned during the vote on the joint motion for a resolution RC-B7-0494/2010 . John Attard-Montalto announced that his voting machine had malfunctioned. (The sitting was suspended at 13.10 and resumed at 15.00.) IN THE CHAIR: Gianni PITTELLA Vice-President 9 Announcement by