in its organization, funding decisions, legal structure and decision-making, be independent of carriers, tour operators and terminal managing bodies. Justification The competent bodies must be able to enforce the Regulation as a whole. Amendment 50 Council position – amending act Article 27 - paragraph 3 Council position Amendment 3. Any passenger may submit a complaint , in accordance with national law, to the appropriate body designated under paragraph 1, or to any other appropriate body designated by a Member State, about an alleged infringement of this Regulation. 3. Any passenger may submit a complaint to the appropriate body designated under paragraph 1, or to any other appropriate body designated by a Member State, about an alleged infringement of this Regulation. A Member State may decide : A Member State may decide that the passenger as a first step shall submit a complaint to the carrier in which case the national enforcement body or any other appropriate body designated by the Member State shall act as an appeal body for complaints not resolved under Article 26. a) that the passenger as a first step shall submit a complaint with regard to Articles 4, 8 and 9 to 24 to the carrier; and/or b) that the national enforcement body or any other appropriate body designated by the Member State shall act as an appeal body for complaints not resolved under Article 26. Justification The right to complain about alleged infringements should not be restricted. Moreover, it must be ensured that those complaints are dealt with by an appeal body when they are not resolved by the carrier. Amendment 51 Council position – amending act Annex I - part b - indent 1 a (new) Council position Amendment - move to toilet facilities on board , if there are personnel other than the driver on board . Justification The amendment re-introduces provisions on assistance on board contained in both the Commission proposal and in the EP position at first reading. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT The Commission proposal The proposal adopted by the Commission on 4 December 2008 aims at establishing rights of passengers when travelling by bus and coach in order to improve the attractiveness of, and confidence in, passenger transport by road and to achieve a level playing field between carriers from different Member States and between the various modes of transport. By introducing new rules, the Regulation will, once adopted, enhance the protection