to have a positive impact on the potential risk factors for cardiovascular disease. In 2003 the Danish authorities introduced measures restricting the amount of trans fatty acids in fats that are derived from the processing of fats and oils. A complaint was subsequently raised against the Danish measure alledging that it restricts the import of food products into Denmark within the meaning of Article 28 in a way that cannot be justified for reasons of consumer health protection. An infringement proceeding was therefore initiated. The Commission sent a reasoned opinion to Denmark on 19 December 2005. The Commission is currently analysing the Danish reply of 13 March 2006 to the reasoned opinion in the light of available scientific and factual information. While this analysis is pending, no conclusions on the alleged infringement will be made. The provision of information on the calorie, or energy, content of foods is certainly useful. It should be noted that according to Council Directive 90/496 on nutrition labelling for foodstuffs such information on pre-packaged foods is mandatory when claims are made but can be provided voluntarily by the food business operator. It should also be noted that the Confederation of the Food and Drink Industries of the EU (CIAA) has indicated as part of its commitments within the context of the European Platform for Action on Diet, Physical Activity and Health to encourage its members to provide information on calories as the minimum nutrition information on the labelling of pre-packaged foods. This would be useful information on pre-packed ready meals that are increasing available in retail outlets. In addition, many fast food operators are voluntarily making information on the energy content and other nutrition information available on their products. The responses to the recent public consultation on the Commission’s Green Paper ‘Promoting healthy diets and physical activity: a European dimension for the prevention of overweight, obesity and chronic diseases’ COM(2005)637 final. will be taken into consideration in any future Commission action in this area. As will the responses to the consultative document on ‘Labelling: Competitiveness, Consumer Information and Better Regulation for the EU’. This latter consultation was the initial step in the revision of the current legislation on labelling and on nutrition labelling of foods. The Commission intends to put forward proposals that will ensure the provision of information about the nutrient content of foods that are relevant to health so that consumers are enabled