the emergency measures, but considers that the contribution from the Solidarity Fund should be nearer the total emergency aid available under the EUSF, assessed at €90m. MEPs call for a reforestation policy for the affected areas based on respect for their bio-climatic and environmental features, and hope that great store will be set by the rehabilitation of the specific local rural landscape. The House also insists on the need to reinforce an efficient prevention policy in the field of forest fires. Parliament strongly condemns the criminal actions of those individuals responsible for starting certain of these fires deliberately, and calls on Member States to make every possible effort to ensure that they are brought to justice. MEPs state that they appreciate the efforts of many Member States which have made available to the Mediterranean countries affected additional resources, both human and material, and calls on the Commission and the Council to address the question of establishing a European Civil Protection Force as a matter of urgency. Finally, a series of amendments were adopted on the effects of energy consumption and climate change. The House considers that the European Union needs more binding target values for ozone in ambient air and that the current related C ommunity legislation needs to be improved. MEPs call on the Commission to give priority to infrastructure projects of rail, water and combined transport, when proposing the revision of the Trans-European Transport Networks. The House also urges the Commission and each individual Member State to implement ambitious initiatives for the rapid phase-in of renewable energy through rapid and ambitious energy conservation programmes, including effective implementation of the Intelligent Energy Programme. Press enquiries: Richard Freedman (Strasbourg) tel.(33) 3 881 73785 (Brussels) tel.(32-2) 28 41448 e-mail : rfreedman@europarl.eu.int Development & Cooperation Water Management in Developing Countries Paul LANNOYE (Greens/EFA, B) Report on the Commission communication on water management in developing countries and priorities for EU development cooperation ( COM(2002) 132 – C5-0335/2002 – 2002/2179(COS)) Doc.: A5-0273/2003 Procedure : Consultation paper Debate : 03.09.2003 Vote: 04.09.2003 The House adopted a non-binding resolution with 356 votes in favour, 10 against and 25 abstentions on water management and the creation of a European Water fund. Out of 6 billion people, 1.7 billion have no access to drinking water and more than 3 billion no access to sanitation. Nearly 30 000 people die each day of illnesses linked to a lack of