aimed at reducing production areas and total production in Turkey. The compensatory area payments for Turkish hazelnut producers are based on the same principles as the EU direct payment for nuts even if the amount is higher. The grubbing-up aids aim at reducing the total production area in Turkey and therefore contributing to a better balance between supply and demand (including in the world market). The amount of areas grubbed-up in 2009/2010 was limited and Turkey plans to evaluate the effectiveness of this policy at the end of its implementation period in 2012. As regards supports under the CAP for the sector, the conditions are set for the period of the current financial perspectives (2007‑13) and the Commission does not plan to propose any changes in respect of this period. The current support may come from different sources. Producers' organisations of hazelnuts can take advantage of support for the fruit and vegetables sector under the Single Common Market Organisation provisions (support up to 4.1 % of the value of marketed production). In addition farmers producing hazelnuts can be granted an average direct area payment of EUR 120.75/ha for a total Guaranteed Area, which can be doubled with national funds by decision of the Member States (Articles 82 to 86 of Regulation (EC) No 73/2009 Regulation (EC) No 73/2009 establishing common rules for direct support schemes for farmers under the common agricultural policy and establishing certain support schemes for farmers — OJ L 30, 31.1.2009. ). As from 2012 at the latest the Community part of this payment will be integrated into the single payment scheme (SPS). Furthermore Member States also have the possibility to make use of Article 68 of Regulation (EC) No 73/2009 by granting specific support in areas subject to restructuring and/or development programmes in order to ensure against land being abandoned and/or to address specific disadvantages for farmers in those areas. Finally under the Rural Development Programmes a wide set of targeted measures is available to sustain farming in marginal areas and under the Less Favoured Areas scheme up to EUR 250/ha can be granted for farmers in disfavoured areas. Finally as regards the third issue, as a candidate country Turkey has the obligation to gradually align its national legislation with the EU acquis and to implement it at the latest by the date of accession to the EU. Turkey is currently in the process of harmonising