concerning national quality programmes. Amendment 68 Proposal for a directive Article 14 – paragraph 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1a . In order to meet the quality and safety requirements laid down in this Directive, Member States shall endeavour to obtain all necessary information from living donors and to provide them with the information they need to understand the consequences of donation. In the case of deceased donation, Member States shall endeavour to obtain such information from relatives or other persons authori s ing donation. Member States shall make all parties , from whom information is requested , aware of the importance of swift ly transmitting such information. Justification Agree on the concept of the need of providing information to donors (or relatives) on the process of donation and transplantation. However, in order to keep this concept under the competencies of the EU conferred by article 168 of the TFEU, it is suggested to focus on the risks for recipients as a result of the quality and safety of the organs. As this is implicitly linked to obtaining a complete, objective and reliable clinical history by the medical team, it is also suggested to include this provision under article 7, related to the characterisation of donors and organs. We are still working on the final wording and studying the most appropriate place to locate this provision in this Directive Amendment 69 Proposal for a directive Article 15 – paragraph 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Living donation should be seen as complementary to post-mortem donation and may be carried out where there is no suitable organ available from a deceased person. Living donations are predominantly carried out among family members and close relatives and/ or for the benefit of a recipient with whom the donor has a close personal relationship, or where it can be proven that the donor is not acting for the purpose of financial gain in order to prevent commercialisation. Particularly, in the absence of such a close relationship, adequate provisions in national law of the Member States shall be made, thus assuring the highest possible protection of living donors. Amendment 70 Proposal for a directive Article 15 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Member States shall ensure that living donors are selected on the basis of their health and medical history, including a psychological evaluation