air blown through the aerator shall be monitored by means of a flow meter H. 1.3. Synthetic sewage A synthetic sewage is employed for the test. Dissolve in each litre of tap water: – 160 mg peptone; – 110 mg meat extract; – 30 mg urea, CO(NH 2 ) 2 ; – 7 mg sodium chloride, NaCl; – 4 mg calcium chloride, CaCl 2 .2H 2 O; – 2 mg magnesium sulphate, MgSO 4 .7H 2 O; – 28 mg of di-potassium hydrogen phosphate, K 2 HPO 4 ; – and 10 ± 1 mg of the surfactant. The synthetic sewage is freshly prepared daily. 1.4. Preparation of samples Uncompounded surfactants are examined in the original state. Active content of surfactant samples must be determined in order to prepare the synthetic sewage (1.3). 1.5. Operation of equipment Initially, fill aeration vessel C and settling vessel D with synthetic sewage. The height of the vessel D should be so fixed that the volume contained in the aeration vessel C is three litres. Inoculation is made by introducing 3 ml of a secondary effluent of good quality, freshly collected from a treatment plant dealing with a predominantly domestic sewage. The effluent must be kept under aerobic conditions in the period between sampling and application. Then set the aerator G, air-lift E and dosing device B in operation. The synthetic sewage must pass through the aeration vessel C at a rate of one litre per hour; this gives a mean retention time of three hours. The rate of aeration should be so regulated that the contents of vessel C are kept constantly in suspension and the dissolved oxygen content is at least 2 mg/l. Foaming must be prevented by appropriate means. Anti-foaming agents that inhibit the activated sludge or contain surfactants must not be used. The air-lift pump E must be set so that the activated sludge from the settling vessel is continually and regularly recycled to aeration vessel C. Sludge which has accumulated around the top of the aeration vessel C, in the base of the settling vessel D, or in the circulation circuit must be returned to the circulation at least once each day by brushing or some other appropriate means. When the sludge fails to settle, its settleability may be increased by the addition of 2 ml portions of a 5% solution of ferric chloride, repeated as necessary. The effluent