multi-annual strategy (IWG). Amendment 5 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 3 – point d a (new) Regulation (EC)1406/2002 Article 10 – paragraph 2 – point (h) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (da) point (h) is replaced by the following: ' (h) perform its duties in relation to the Agency's budget pursuant to Articles 18, 19 and 21 and monitor and give adequate follow-up to the findings and recommendations stemming from various audit reports and evaluations, whether internal or external;' Justification For a better ownership and follow-up of audit and evaluations findings, the Management Board, to whom the Director is accountable, should explicitly be entrusted with their monitoring (IWG) Amendment 6 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 3 a (new) Regulation (EC)1406/2002 Article 11 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3a) Article 11 is amended as follows: (a) paragraph 1 is replaced by the following: ' 1. The Administrative Board shall be composed of one representative of each Member State and four representatives of the Commission, as well as of four professionals from the sectors most concerned, nominated by the Commission, without the right to vote. Board members shall be appointed on the basis of their degree of relevant experience and expertise in the field of maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution and response to pollution caused by ships . They shall also have the necessary managerial, administrative and budgetary skills to fulfil the tasks listed in Article 10. Members of the Administrative Board shall make a written declaration of commitments and a written declaration indicating any direct or indirect interest which might be considered prejudicial to their independence. They shall declare at each meeting any interest which might be considered prejudicial to their independence in relation to the items on the agenda and abstain from participating in the discussions and voting on such points.' (b) paragraph 3 is replaced by the following: ' 3. The duration of the term of office shall be four years. The term of office may be renewed once. ' Justification The skills of the members of the Management Board should be in line with the functions assigned to them. Besides, there should be a provision aimed at preventing any conflict of interest and the duration of their mandate should be aligned with other agencies' (IWG). Amendment 7 Proposal for a regulation -