a 'culture of prevention' as a central element of the European Union's external action, and calls on the Commission to include disaster preparedness in all technical cooperation and development programmes; 7. Recommends making greater use of new technologies in the field of disaster prevention and preparedness; 8. Calls on the branches of the budgetary authority to allocate more resources to risk reduction and recommends that, as part of the aforementioned budgetary increase, funding be significantly stepped up in this area to reach 5% of humanitarian expenditure by 2005 by strengthening this type of action within both DIPECHO's humanitarian operations as such, and its capacity-building, awareness-raising and training operations; 9. Calls on ECHO to ensure that the methodology adopted in 2001 is swiftly made operational so that 'forgotten crises' can be more effectively taken into account; 10. Commends ECHO on its more rigorous approach to management of aid, as illustrated, in particular by: - the strengthening of its partners" ex ante and ex post audit procedures, - local monitoring in closer contact with EU delegations, - improved dialogue with UN specialised agencies to improve management; 11. Considers it vital to establish effective supervisory mechanisms which enable humanitarian aid to be traced and which prevent aid from being misappropriated and seized by armed groups or corrupt authorities; 12. Calls, in the medium term, for an operational audit to be carried out on each partner at intervals of no more than 3 to 4 years; 13. Congratulates the Commission on simplifying procedures for speedier decision-making, enabling aid to be financed within no more than 72 hours; 14. Calls on ECHO to consolidate and improve this measure by speeding up the reform of Framework Partnership Agreements (FPA); 15. Encourages the Commission to pursue its efforts aimed at improving coordination between the various Directorates-General, along the same lines as the Afghanistan Task Force, set up in September 2001; 16. Reiterates its request to the Council and the Commission to set up a coordination platform for all the Member States' relief services in the event of major humanitarian disasters; 17. Calls on the Member States to coordinate action taken between themselves and with the Commission in all areas of their work, in particular field work, policy initiatives and media coverage, so as to increase effectiveness; 18. Calls on the United Nations specialised agencies (HCR, WFP, UNICEF) to step up coordination amongst themselves under the aegis of