shall be closed by the forwarding to the addressees, at the end of the part-session, of the declaration, together with the names of the signatories. 5. A written declaration that has remained in the register for over three months and has not been signed by at least one half of the component Members of Parliament shall lapse. Rule 124 Consultation of the European Economic and Social Committee 1. Where the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union provides for consultation of the Economic and Social Committee, the President shall initiate the consultation procedure and inform Parliament thereof. 2. A committee may request that the European Economic and Social Committee be consulted on matters of a general nature or on specific points. The committee shall indicate the deadline for delivery by the European Economic and Social Committee of its opinion. A request for consultation of the European Economic and Social Committee shall be approved by Parliament without debate. 3. Opinions forwarded by the Economic and Social Committee shall be referred to the committee responsible. Rule 125 Consultation of the Committee of the Regions 1. Where the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union provides for consultation of the Committee of the Regions, the President shall initiate the consultation procedure and inform Parliament thereof. 2. A committee may request that the Committee of the Regions be consulted on matters of a general nature or on specific points. The committee shall indicate the deadline for delivery by the Committee of the Regions of its opinion. A request for consultation of the Committee of the Regions shall be approved by Parliament without debate. 3. Opinions forwarded by the Committee of the Regions shall be referred to the committee responsible. Rule 126 Requests to European Agencies 1. In cases where Parliament has the right to submit a request to a European Agency, any Member may submit such a request in writing to the President of Parliament. Such requests shall be on matters falling within the mission of the Agency concerned and shall be accompanied by background information explaining the issue and the Union interest. 2. The President shall, after consulting the committee responsible, either forward the request to the Agency or take any other appropriate course of action. The Member submitting the request shall be notified immediately. Any request sent by the President to an Agency shall include a time-limit for response. 3.