Question for written answer E-002125/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Oriol Junqueras Vies (Verts/ALE) (4 March 2011) Subject: Reception of TV3 in the Valencian Community On 17 February 2010, Acció Cultural del País Valencià gave way to the Valencian regional government's renewed threats to impose fines on it and ceased broadcasting the signal for TV3 (the Catalan public television channel) in the Valencian Community, where at least 40 % of the population has Catalan as their mother tongue. The persecution of TV3 in the Valencian Community began 26 years ago, but until now solutions were always found to keep it on air. However, with the government of Francisco Camps now threatening to impose heavier fines, the cultural body ACPV has been forced to shut down its relay stations. The persecution of TV3 in the Valencian Community clearly violates the spirit of the Audiovisual Media Services Directive which, as the Commission itself admitted in its response to Question E‑9811/2010, is the principle of free reception of such services throughout the EU. In its answer to Question E‑9813/2010, the Commission states that it ‘supports linguistic diversity and considers that the media can bring the increasing variety of languages and cultures in the EU closer to the citizens and can overcome language barriers’. However, in practice the Commission has restricted itself to justifying and accepting whatever attacks on audiovisual media take place in the EU Member States. 1. Has the Commission received information about the suspension of TV3 broadcasts in the Valencian Community? 2. Does it consider the legal and technical arguments put forward by the Valencian Government to be proper justification for a closure which clearly contradicts the spirit of the Audiovisual Media Services Directive? 3. Does the Commission agree that in light of repeated efforts by successive Valencian governments to end broadcasts by TV3 to the Valencian Community, it should at least take a close look at these events? 4. Does the Commission agree that TV3 should be allowed to broadcast to all Catalan-speaking areas?