3. the European Social Fund; 4. vocational training policy, including professional qualifications; 5. the free movement of workers and pensioners; 6. social dialogue; 7. all forms of discrimination at the workplace and in the labour market except those based on sex; 8. relations with: - the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training (Cedefop), - the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions, - the European Training Foundation, - the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work; as well as relations with other relevant EU bodies and international organisations. VIII. Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety Committee responsible for: 1. environmental policy and environmental protection measures, in particular concerning: (a) air, soil and water pollution, waste management and recycling, dangerous substances and preparations, noise levels, climate change, protection of biodiversity, (b) sustainable development, (c) international and regional measures and agreements aimed at protecting the environment, (d) restoration of environmental damage, (e) civil protection, (f) the European Environment Agency, (g) the European Chemicals Agency; 2. public health, in particular: (a) programmes and specific actions in the field of public health, (b) pharmaceutical and cosmetic products, (c) health aspects of bioterrorism, (d) the European Medicines Agency and the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control; 3. food safety issues, in particular: (a) the labelling and safety of foodstuffs, (b) veterinary legislation concerning protection against risks to human health; public health checks on foodstuffs and food production systems, (c) the European Food Safety Authority and the European Food and Veterinary Office. IX. Committee on Industry, Research and Energy Committee responsible for: 1. the Union's industrial policy and the application of new technologies, including measures relating to SMEs; 2. the Union's research policy, including the dissemination and exploitation of research findings; 3. space policy; 4. the activities of the Joint Research Centre and the Central Office for Nuclear Measurements, as well as JET, ITER and other projects in the same area; 5. Union measures relating to energy policy in general, the security of energy supply and energy efficiency including the establishment and development of trans-European networks in the energy infrastructure sector; 6. the Euratom Treaty and Euratom Supply Agency; nuclear safety, decommissioning and waste disposal in the nuclear sector; 7. the information society and information technology, including the establishment and development of trans-European networks in the telecommunication infrastructure sector. X. Committee on the Internal Market and