to the conclusions of the Education Councils of 12 February 2001 Press No: 5927/01. , 28 May 2001 Press No: 8536/01. , 13 July 2001 OJ C 204, 20.7.2001, pp. 6-7. , and 14 February 2002 Press No: 6111/02. , – having regard to the findings of the public hearing held at Parliament on 20 February 2002 on the theme of ‘Universities and higher education in the EU and in non-member States’, – having regard to the conclusions of the Barcelona European Council of 15 and 16 March 2002, – having regard to Rule 163 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the report of the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the Media and Sport ( A5‑0183/2002 ), A. whereas the freedom and autonomy of universities must remain corner-stones of European society and its institutional framework, B. whereas to enable Europe to progress and grow, the foundations must be laid for an active, dynamic European higher education area to boost renewal and ongoing development, C. whereas universities should cultivate critical thought and research, lay emphasis on observation, logical reasoning, curiosity, interest in our natural and social environment and the will to experiment, D. whereas for social reasons and to promote equal opportunities, Member States must commit themselves to supporting and are duty-bound to support the development of public universities, E. whereas the Union and the Member States must provide universities and higher education centres with the necessary means of action, F. whereas student, teacher, and researcher mobility enriches knowledge, fosters renewal, and helps to uncover new cultural and social realities, G. whereas mobility cannot be complete and effective without genuine recognition of qualifications and diplomas and cannot be fully achieved without an adequate financial commitment, 1. Maintains that to bring about a European higher education area, the Union must increase its support to universities and points out that such aid would be perfectly possible to provide without infringing subsidiarity; 2. Maintains that Europe must invest in education on a larger scale because knowledge is the key to Europe’s competitiveness and economic and social development; 3. Calls on the Commission to accord a more prominent place to universities in its programmes and policies and calls for universities to play a more active role in implementing the acquis communautaire ; 4. Calls on university presidents, teachers and researchers to play an active part in creating a European higher education area