of Oil Pollution damage in European waters. Parliament now demands that this be done without further delay. The Commission is called on, as a matter of urgency, to consider using all the necessary financial instruments to tackle the economic, social and environmental consequences of the wreck of the "Prestige" and assist the economic sectors affected. Measures should be adopted immediately to alleviate the damage occasioned to those affected, through the use of the Solidarity Fund. Parliament also takes the view that Member States must be obliged to accommodate ships in distress. In this connection, the Commission is urged to strengthen existing legislation by presenting, as soon as possible, a proposal for the establishment of an obligatory system for the accommodation of ships in distress in ports of refuge or sheltered areas in all coastal Member States. This should be accompanied by the introduction of a system of compensation for any resulting damage. Stressing the importance of Port State Control, Parliament urges the Member States to meet the 25% target of Port State Control inspections as required by Directive 95/21/EC. The Commission must pursue Member States which continue to fall short of this target. In the light of the "Prestige" disaster, it will be necessary to increase substantially the rate and quality of inspections, with a particular targeting of ships above a certain age, of high-risk types of ships, and those ships flying flags of convenience. It is also proposed that the EU should review the liability regime of those responsible within the maritime sector, in case of accidents, in particular as regards their financial liability, in order to have a full compensation. The scope of the forthcoming directive on environmental liability should be extended to apply to cases of pollution, for example of maritime oil pollution, where existing international treaties and conventions dealing with environmental liability and compensation provided inadequate protection. Parliament also stressed that proper maintenance of ships is as important to ensuring high standards of maritime safety as the distinction between single and double hull tankers. An analysis of the existing capacity of double-hull tankers should be made in order to ensure that the Community is not faced with a shortage of oil transport capacity. Last but not least, Parliament expresses its firm solidarity with the victims of the disaster and its admiration for the generous response of the thousands of members of the public and professionals who