including illegal arrests, prosecutions, telephone threats and repeated summoning to the offices of the intelligence services, L. whereas inquiries into the killings of human rights defender Pascal Kabungulu Kibembi in 2005 and of journalists, including Franck Ngycke Kangundu and his wife, Hélène Mpaka, in November 2005, Serge Maheshe in June 2007, and Didace Namujimbo in November 2008, were led by the Congolese military authorities and were characterised by serious irregularities, M. whereas, in regard to the April 2008 International Criminal Court (ICC) arrest warrant against Bosco Ntaganda for war crimes including enlisting child soldiers, the DRC, as a party to the Rome Statute, is in breach of its legal obligations to cooperate with the ICC, inter alia by apprehending persons under arrest warrant; whereas, instead, the DRC has promoted Bosco Ntaganda to a top position in the Congolese army, thus heightening the impression that there is impunity for human rights violations and thereby contributing to the increasing incidence of such crimes, N. whereas a state of civil war has prevailed for years in certain parts of the DRC, resulting in massacres, mass rape and the widespread enlisting of child soldiers, O. whereas the massacres, particularly those perpetrated by the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA), a paramilitary group which originated in Uganda, currently affect all the countries bordering on the DRC, P. whereas NGO staff are also affected by these forms of persecution of civilian populations and this has resulted in a contraction of humanitarian aid in the DRC, Q. whereas the 50th anniversary of the DRC's independence is to be celebrated shortly and whereas human rights and democracy are crucial to the development of the country, 1. Forcefully condemns the killing of Floribert Chebeya Bahizire and the fact that Fidèle Bazana Edadi, Mr Chebeya Bahizire's driver, is missing; expresses its fullest support for their families; 2. Calls for an independent, credible, thorough and transparent commission of inquiry to be set up to investigate the death of Mr Chebeya Bahizire and the whereabouts of Mr Bazana Edadi, and for steps to be taken to ensure that the families of both men are protected; 3. Demands that those responsible be identified, brought before the courts and punished in accordance with Congolese law and international provisions for the protection of human rights; 4. Welcomes the fact that the authorities responded to a request by Mr Chebeya Bahizire's family for an independent autopsy by inviting