Romanian authorities to actively fight organised crime, particularly the trafficking of women and children for sexual exploitation. Another problem evoked by the committee was the treatment of minorities. Although it supported the government in its Roma strategy, it asked for regular monitoring of the results and referred to the lack of integration of Roma into society and the mostly appalling conditions in which they live. MEPs also called for steps to allow the Hungarian minority to use its own language in schools and at university and to solve the questions of property rights of churches. Lack of progress was also noted in the transposition of EU environmental legislation. MEPs specifically mentioned the planned gold-mining project in Rosia Montana and demanded an environmental impact assessment. Press enquiries: Marjory van den Broeke (Strasbourg) tel.(33-3) 881 72208 (Brussels) tel.(32-2) 28 44304 e-mail : foreign-press@europarl.eu.int Transport Parliament set to back "motorways of the sea" Philip Charles BRADBOURN (EPP-ED, West Midlands) Report on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Decision amending the amended proposal for a Decision of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Decision No 1692/96/EC on Community guidelines for the development of the trans-European transport network ( COM(2003) 564 – C5-0485/2003 – 2001/0229(COD)) Doc.: A5-0110/2004 Procedure : Codecision (1st reading) Debate : 10.03.2004 Vote : 11.03.2004 Vote Parliament adopted a legislative resolution on Community guidelines for the development of the trans-European transport network. Following the report last year on these guidelines by the High Level Group under Karel Van Miert, the Commission submitted to Parliament an amended proposal, adding nine new projects to those already adopted by the European Parliament at its initial first reading. MEPs warmly back the introduction of " motorways of the sea " to launch new regular trans-national cargo shipping lines. These routes are intended to improve links with islands and enable goods traffic to avoid natural barriers such as the Alps and the Pyrenees. Member States will, with Community assistance, support packages involving infrastructure, logistic systems and start-up aid. The " motorways of the sea " will thus acquire the same importance as road motorways and railways in the trans-European network. In their amendments to the Commission's text, MEPs are demanding a clear list of priority programmes in the context of enlargement and the future Financial Perspective. Other amendments proposed seek to modify some of the 29 projects in Annex III of the proposal.