to improve the protection of pedestrians and mitigate the severity of injuries to them and other vulnerable road users in the event of a collision with a vehicle fitted with such a system. In order to comply with the proposal, frontal protection systems will have to pass a number of tests with regard to aggressiveness towards pedestrians and vulnerable road users. The requirements consist of four tests (based on the recommendations of the European Enhanced Vehicle safety Committee, or EEVC) which will be required to be carried out on these systems in order for them to be acceptable for use. The Transport Committee, in amendments adopted, tightens up some of these tests. The committee stresses that tests should require that frontal protection systems be designed in a way that improves pedestrian safety and reduces the number of injuries. Furthermore, the committee emphasises that the directive is aimed at improving pedestrian and vehicle safety through passive measures. The committee agrees that the scope of the directive should be limited to vehicles up to 3.5 tonnes. MEPs also introduce a review clause, stating that the Commission should review the technical provisions of the directive, in the light of technical progress and experience, no later than four years and nine months after it has been published. Other amendments adopted by the committee change the date for the entry into force of the directive. The final report was adopted with 40 MEPs in favour, 0 against and 4 abstentions. Ewa HEDKVIST PETERSEN (PES, SE), the rapporteur, stated that she hoped that the directive could be adpoted at first reading and she would be holding an informal trialogue before the plenary vote in Strasbourg. Systems providing additional frontal protection of motor vehicles have been increasingly used in recent years. Some of these systems constitute a risk to the safety of pedestrians and other road users in the case of a collision with a motor vehicle. It is estimated that ”pedestrian-friendly” car designs could avoid up to 2000 pedestrian and cyclist deaths each year in the EU. 19.01.2005 Committee on Transport and Tourism In the chair: Paolo COSTA (ALDE, IT) Procedure: Codecision, first reading Plenary vote: February, Strasbourg Press enquiries: Richard Freedman - tel. (32-2) 28 41448 e-mail: rfreedman@europarl.eu.int MEPs call for crackdown on pollution by ships in EU waters The Transport Committee on Wednesday demanded strict EU sanctions against illegal oil pollution in EU waters.