delay. After discussing the matter with our committee coordinators, I wish to tell you that we have decided not to draw up an opinion of this kind at this stage, in view of the extremely tight timetable for the adoption of your report, and the fact that it is supposed to be an initial reflection on the method rather than on the actual content of the proposals which could and should be made on the subject. Our committee may therefore intervene in the context of any report that you may draw up on that subject and contribute an opinion dealing with the fields under our competence, in particular those linked to the Lamfalussy procedure and comitology. However, we may review our position if it turns out that the debate in your committee leads it to deal in detail with the proposals to be made for the future. (closing formula and signature) LETTER FROM THE COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORT AND TOURISM Letter of 17 October 2005 from Paolo Costa, chairman of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, to Mr Jo Leinen, chairman of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs Translation Dear Colleague, I was pleased to learn that your committee intended to draw up a report on the period of reflection that was introduced after the rejection of the European Constitution by the electorates of France and the Netherlands. On behalf of the Committee on Transport, I would like to convey to you our opinion regarding the report by Mr Duff and Mr Voggenhuber. We are pleased that Parliament is taking the initiative in this debate. Since the Member States are divided on the subject and the Commission seems to be reluctant to take the initiative, Parliament, which represents the peoples of Europe, should relaunch the debate. In this connection, we welcome your rapporteur's preliminary ideas which, although ambitious, stress the need for a clear structure and timetable for the debate. In our committee's opinion, it is important that the preparation of tangible policies be continued and strengthened where possible. The citizens of the two Member States expressed their disapproval of the draft European Constitution, but not of European cooperation and integration, which are considered to be ways of solving the shared problems. For the present, the European institutions must take action to restore the public's confidence in the European project. Better communication is needed, in particular in order to combat the false