Answer given by High Representative/Vice-President Ashton on behalf of the Commission (13 July 2011) The Union has always been very conscious and cautious on the question of the brain drain from emerging or developing countries. All our programmes, mainly those encouraging high level education cooperation including students exchanges, have as a priority to support the return to the country of origin of all the participants from outside the EU. The EU is also proposing mobility partnerships which seek to improve short-term mobility of people and legal migration, to fight irregular migration and to strengthen the link between migration and development. They include measures to promote circular migration from the neighbours to the EU and back. Under a circular migration scheme, migrants return from the EU to their home countries, bringing the skills they have acquired in the EU, which helps develop their own economies. What is obvious is that the best way of stopping the brain drain is by creating the best economic, social and political conditions in the country of origin to encourage educated people to go back home. This is the main goal of our cooperation policy and has been underlined in the latest communications concerning the region: joint communication ‘A partnership for democracy and shared prosperity with the Southern Mediterranean’, 8 March 2011 http://eeas.europa.eu/euromed/docs/com2011_200_en.pdf and joint communication on ‘Review of the European Neighbourhood Policy’ adopted on 25 May 2011 http://ec.europa.eu/world/enp/pdf/com_11_303_en.pdf . In the Barcelona process and now the Union for the Mediterranean, higher education and research have always been priority sectors of cooperation and several programmes have been financed by the Commission. Since November 1995, a Monitoring Committee for Euro-Mediterranean Cooperation in the field of research and technology (MoCo) exists to stimulate the Euro-Med Cooperation in RTD in the wider process of the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership and the setting-up of ERA opened to the Mediterranean. In 2007 in Cairo, the first ministerial meeting took place and Ministers decided to work towards the establishment of an EuroMed education and research area. The second EuroMed Ministerial Conference should have been held in 2010 to assess the achievements made in this regard, as well as promoting further cooperation. Due to the Iceland volcano ash it had to be rescheduled.