after consultation of the Commission at least 8 weeks before the relevant Board meeting. He/she shall reply positively to any invitation by the competent committee of the European Parliament to present and hold an exchange of views on the annual work programme. He/she shall take the necessary steps for their implementation and shall respond to any requests for assistance from a Member State in accordance with Article 10(2)(c); Amendment 70 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 4 – point (b) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 15 – paragraph 2 – point d (d) he shall organise an effective monitoring system in order to be able to compare the Agency's achievements with its objectives and tasks as laid down in this Regulation. He shall ensure that the Agency's organisational structure will be regularly adapted to the evolving needs within the available financial and human resources. On this basis the Executive Director shall prepare a draft general report each year and submit it to the Administrative Board. The report shall include a dedicated section concerning the financial execution of the detailed plan for the Agency's pollution preparedness and response activities and give an update of the status of all actions funded under that plan. He shall establish regular evaluation procedures that meet recognised professional standards; (d) he/she shall organise an effective monitoring system in order to be able to compare the Agency's achievements with its objectives and tasks as laid down in this Regulation. To this end, he/she shall establish, in agreement with the Commission, tailored performance indicators allowing for an effective assessment of the results achieved. He/she shall ensure that the Agency's organisational structure will be regularly adapted to the evolving needs within the available financial and human resources. On this basis the Executive Director shall prepare a draft general report each year and submit it to the Administrative Board. The report shall include a dedicated section concerning the financial execution of the detailed plan for the Agency's pollution preparedness and response activities and give an update of the status of all actions funded under that plan. He/she shall establish regular evaluation procedures that meet recognised professional standards; Amendment 71 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 5 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 16 – paragraph 1 1. The Executive Director shall be appointed and dismissed by the Administrative Board. The appointment