amendment to the Commission without delay. CHAPTER VI EMERGENCY MEASURES Article 35 Emergency measures Articles 53 and 54 of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 shall apply where, as a result of new information or of a reassessment of existing information, pesticide residues or MRLs covered by this Regulation may endanger human or animal health requiring immediate action. The time limit within which the Commission must take its decision shall be reduced to seven days in the case of fresh produce. CHAPTER VII SUPPORT MEASURES RELATING TO HARMONISED PESTICIDE MRLS Article 36 Support measures relating to harmonised pesticide MRLs 1. Support measures relating to harmonised pesticide MRLs shall be established at Community level, including: a) a consolidated database for Community legislation on MRLs of pesticide residues and for making such information publicly available; (b) Community proficiency tests as referred to in Article 28(3); c) studies and other measures necessary for the preparation and development of legislation and of technical guidelines on pesticide residues , aimed, in particular, at developing and using methods of assessing aggregate, cumulative and synergistic effects ; d) studies necessary for estimating the exposure of consumers and animals to pesticide residues; e) studies necessary to support control laboratories where analytical methods are not capable of controlling the MRLs established. 2. Any necessary implementing provisions concerning the measures referred to in paragraph 1 may be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2). Article 37 Community contribution to the support measures for harmonised pesticide MRLs 1. The Community may make a financial contribution of up to 100% of the cost of the measures provided for in Article 36. 2. The appropriations shall be authorised each financial year as part of the budgetary procedure. CHAPTER VIII COORDINATION OF APPLICATIONS FOR MRLS Article 38 Designation of national authorities Each Member State shall designate one or more national authorities to coordinate cooperation with the Commission, the Authority, other Member States, manufacturers, producers and growers for the purposes of this Regulation. Where more than one authority is designated by a Member State, it shall indicate which of the designated authorities shall act as a contact point. The national authorities may delegate tasks to other bodies. Each Member State shall inform the Commission and the Authority of the names and addresses of the designated national authorities. Article 39 Coordination by the Authority of information on MRLs The Authority shall: a) coordinate with