Blogging on the way to something else Information society 2005-09-12 - 20:32 On Monday afternoon the first in a series of three debates hosted by the European Parliament on the implications of the information society highlighted a number of issues in the use of so-called weblogs. Major concerns were the accountability of "bloggers" and the protection of privacy - or rather the lack of both. As Karlin Lillington, a technology journalist of the Irish Times pointed out, "journalists face libel laws, whereas some bloggers behave as if they're in the Wild West. Bloggers will state things without saying where they got them from. And increasingly, blogs are used to promote products without making this clear". Thomas Burg, of BlogTalk.net, saw things very differently, saying "weblogs are not about content but about sharing, learning and connecting with other people" . Blogs should thus be seen as free conversations between people who do not need to adhere to specific rules, rather than as news postings on the Internet. Aidan White, General Secretary of the International Federation of Journalists, vehemently disagreed, saying that a democratic society sets certain norms and standards which should not be thrown out of the window. He deplored the lack of a global legal framework to combat child pornography and libellous or hateful weblogs on the Internet. Richard Corbett, the first member of the European Parliament to start his own weblog, agreed. He was not optimistic that the accountability and reliability of weblogs could be strengthened. For these very reasons, White was convinced that the websites of traditional news organisations, such as the BBC or CNN, would continue to be in great demand. "People have little time and want to be reasonably confident that the sites they visit are reliable, whereas a lot of weblogs are tripe", he said. The exciting thing about weblogs, however, is that they have reinvigorated the debate about journalistic methods and ethics, a debate long overdue, he said. Lillington was also sceptical about the claim that bloggers would push major media organisations out of business, adding that she was waiting for the first court case over libel in a weblog. Nevertheless, it was generally felt that weblogs could be a useful complement to traditional journalism, as they allowed journalists, or others for that matter, to write about issues which would otherwise never be published, provided that a weblog is used intelligently. Corbett explained that