of petitions received, closed or dealt with by the Committee, of the concerned countries or topics represents an important quantitative tool in assessing the work of the Committee. Additional aspects like the relations with other European institutions, national and regional authorities or institutional changes with direct impact on the activity of the Committee come together to complete the overall picture. Last but not least the Report examines the progress achieved in implementing previous recommendations aiming to improve the work of the Committee and highlights some of the biggest challenges ahead in light of the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon. Submitting petitions to Parliament - a fundamental right set in Article 227 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (former Article 194) The entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon has reconfirmed the right to petition the European Parliament as a cornerstone element of the European citizenship. Article 227 of the new Treaty (former article 194) provides that citizens or residents of the European Union, natural or legal persons, individually or in association with other citizens or persons have the right to submit petitions to the European Parliament on a matter which comes within the Union's fields of activity. The very wording of this article offers a comprehensive image of what petitioning the European Parliaments is - a tool empowering citizens to bring before the Parliament their concerns with the impact of different EU policies and legislation on their everyday life. Yearly statistics show that most citizens turn to Parliament looking for assistance in matters related to environment, fundamental rights, justice, internal market, etc. Others try to have their voice heard by making suggestions concerning the development of the European policies. Last, but not least, one needs to take due note of the number of citizens who appeal to the European Parliament in order to challenge decisions taken by the national authorities. Most of these petitions claim that the European legislation would not be properly enforced, while some complain about rulings of the national courts of law or lack of enforcement at administrative level or the European Parliament has little to do about such matters as they fall outside the scope of the competences of the Union. According to statistics, in 2009 the European Parliament received 1924 petitions, a slight increase compared to the 1849 submitted in 2008. It may also be said that