the appeal procedure referred to in Article 6 of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011. If so the Commission may decide, no later than 8 months after the initiation of the investigation, to extend the time limit for a period up to, but in no case longer than, 15 months. The Commission shall make this decision public. Reviews pursuant to paragraph 4 shall in all cases be concluded within nine months of the date of initiation. If a review carried out pursuant to paragraph 2 is initiated while a review under paragraph 3 in ongoing in the same proceeding, the review pursuant to paragraph 3 shall be concluded at the same time as the review pursuant to paragraph 2. Amendment 310 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 24 – point 8 – point c Regulation (EC) No 1225/2009 Article 11 – paragraph 6 6. Reviews pursuant to this Article shall be initiated by the Commission. Where warranted by reviews, measures shall be repealed or maintained pursuant to paragraph 2, or repealed, maintained or amended pursuant to paragraphs 3 and 4. Where measures are repealed for individual exporters, but not for the country as a whole, such exporters shall remain subject to the proceeding and may, automatically, be reinvestigated in any subsequent review carried out for that country pursuant to this Article. 6. Reviews pursuant to this Article shall be initiated by the Commission . Before the initiation of proceedings the Commission shall inform the Member States thereof and give them the opportunity to express their views. Where warranted by reviews, measures shall be repealed or maintained pursuant to paragraph 2, or repealed, maintained or amended pursuant to paragraphs 3 and 4. Where measures are repealed for individual exporters, but not for the country as a whole, such exporters shall remain subject to the proceeding and may, automatically, be reinvestigated in any subsequent review carried out for that country pursuant to this Article. Amendment 311 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 24 – point 9 – point c Regulation (EC) No 1225/2009 Article 12 – paragraph 4 – subparagraphs 1 and 2 The relevant provisions of Articles 5 and 6 shall apply to any reinvestigation carried out pursuant to this Article, except that such reinvestigation shall be carried out expeditiously and shall normally be concluded within nine months of the date of initiation of the