provided to the state-owned media in Belarus; 16. Encourages the European Commission to take an initiative to analyse the possibilities for establishing a special support mechanism for effective and direct financial and technical assistance for civil society, independent media and political organisations in Belarus; 17. Calls on the Council, the Commission and the EU High Representative to immediately re-apply the visa ban on the leading Belarusian authorities, expanding it to the state officials, members of the judiciary and security officers who can be considered responsible for the vote-rigging and post-election brutal repressions and arrests of members of the opposition (the sanctions should remain in force minimum until all political prisoners and detainees are released and exempted from charges); welcomes the good example of the Polish Government and the Lithuanian Parliament which imposed their own travel restrictions on the representatives of the Minsk regime and at the same time simplified access to the European Union for Belarusian citizens; 18. Encourages all European democratic governments, for example Switzerland and Norway, to impose similar sanctions on the representatives of the Belarusian regime; expresses its disappointment with the statement by the President of Russian Federation, made on 20 December 2010; 19. Calls on the Commission, the Council and the EU HR to freeze all the macro financial aid provided via IMF loans as well as lending operations by EIB and EBRD programmes; 20. Calls on the Commission, the Council and the EU HR to suspend Belarusian participation in Eastern Partnership activities until genuine changes will take place in Belarus, starting with the unconditional liberation of all members of political opposition; 21. Calls on the Commission, the Council and the EU HR and Members States to limit contacts with the Belarusian authorities to the absolute minimum; 22. Calls on the Commission, the Council and the EU HR to freeze assets to BELTETH Export and other arms export enterprises for Belarus; 23. Calls on the Commission, the Council and the EU HR to intensify work on the negotiations directives for visa facilitation and readmission agreements (excluding diplomatic passports) in order to enhance people-to-people contacts; 24. Invites the international partners of the European Union to adopt a common position and follow a similar strategy towards the Belarusian regime; 25. Expresses its opinion that sport events, like the World Ice Hockey Championships in 2014, should not be held in Belarus while there are political prisoners in that country;