Answer given by Ms Malmström on behalf of the Commission (16 March 2010) 1. According to Article 7 of the Schengen Borders Code, all persons crossing the external borders of the EU shall undergo a minimum check in order to establish their identities and verify the validity of their travel documents. For that purpose, EU citizens should present a valid passport or identity card in accordance with Directive 2004/38/EC Directive 2004/38/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 29 April 2004 on the right of citizens of the Union and their family members to move and reside freely within the territory of the Member States, OJ L 158, 30.4.2004. . Regulation 2252/2004/EC Council Regulation (EC) No 2252/2004 of 13 December 2004 on standards for security features and biometrics in passports and travel documents issued by Member States, OJ L 385, 29.12.2004. introduces biometric identifiers in order to render the passports of EU citizens more secure. Member States are not obliged to conduct border checks by using biometric devices such as biometric travel document readers that would allow for verifying the identity of the traveller or the authenticity of the document. An increasing number of Member States are introducing Automated Border Control (ABC) systems at the external borders using biometric devices to facilitate border crossing for EU/EEA citizens and persons enjoying the right of free movement holding an electronic passport. The annex sent directly to the Honourable Member and to Parliament Secretariat provides for an overview on these systems in Member States. 2. In 2008, the Commission commissioned a comparative study on the legislation of the Member States of the European Union on civil status, practical difficulties encountered in this area by citizens wishing to exercise their rights in the context of a European area of justice in civil matters and the options available for resolving these problems and facilitating citizens' lives. The objective of the study was two-fold: — to provide a comparative analysis of the Member States’ legislation, organisation, procedures and practices with regard to civil status, including the relevant international conventions, and — to identify the practical difficulties and problems in this domain encountered by citizens including those which prevent or affect adversely their rights within a common judicial area and indicate possible solutions to these problems. The study highlighted the following policy objectives: — maintain and further develop an area of freedom, security and justice, in