to withdraw it up until the opening of the final vote. 8. A withdrawn motion for a resolution may be taken over and retabled immediately by a group, a committee or the same number of Members as is entitled to table it. Committees have a duty to ensure that motions for resolutions tabled under this Rule which meet the requirements laid down are followed up and duly referred to in the resulting documents. Rule 121 Recommendations to the Council 1. A political group or at least 40 Members may table a proposal for a recommendation to the Council on subjects under Title V of the Treaty on European Union, or in cases where Parliament has not been consulted on an international agreement falling within the scope of Rules 90 or 91. 2. Such proposals shall be referred to the committee responsible for consideration. Where appropriate, the committee shall refer the matter to Parliament in accordance with the procedures laid down in these Rules. 3. If it presents a report, the committee responsible shall submit to Parliament a proposal for a recommendation to the Council, together with a brief explanatory statement and, where appropriate, the opinions of the committees consulted. No prior authorisation from the Conference of Presidents is required for the application of this paragraph. 4. The provisions of Rule 97 shall apply. Rule 122 Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law 1. A committee, an interparliamentary delegation, a political group or at least 40 Members may ask the President in writing for a debate to be held on an urgent case of a breach of human rights, democracy and the rule of law (Rule 137(3)). 2. The Conference of Presidents shall draw up a list of subjects to be included in the final draft agenda for the next debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law on the basis of the requests referred to in paragraph 1 and in accordance with the provisions of Annex IV. The total number of subjects included in the agenda shall not exceed three, including sub-chapters. In accordance with Rule 140, Parliament may abandon a topic due to be debated and replace it with an unscheduled topic. Motions for resolutions on the subjects chosen shall be tabled by the evening of the day on which the agenda is adopted. The President