air transport has been cancelled. For practical reasons, it is also a good idea to allow the tour operator to defer payment of compensation and to combine it with repayment of the cost of the entire package. Amendment 20 Article 5, paragraph 4 4. If an air carrier or tour operator places a passenger in a class higher than that for which the ticket was purchased, it may not request any supplement or payment. If an air carrier or tour operator places a passenger in a class lower than that for which the ticket was purchased, it shall reimburse the difference in price between the passenger’s ticket and the cheapest published fare available for the class in which he or she is placed for that part of the journey . 4. If an air carrier places a passenger in a class higher than that for which the ticket was purchased, it may not request any supplement or payment. If an air carrier or tour operator places a passenger in a class lower than that for which the ticket was purchased, it shall reimburse the difference. Justification Remove all reference to ‘tour operators’ and ‘package travel’; see Amendment 24. In addition, the Commission has not identified any problem with the calculation of the amount to be refunded in the existing regulation. It has produced no evaluation of the impact of the proposed change. However, it is justifiable to place a burden on the air carrier to make the required reimbursement. Amendment 21 Article 5, paragraph 4 a (new) 4a. Where a flight has been overbooked, the available places shall be allocated under a transparent procedure according to uniform criteria Justification The allocation of available places in the event of overbooking is not always done transparently and is therefore difficult for customers to understand. It is therefore necessary to decide according to uniform criteria which passengers should board the flight and which passengers should not. Amendment 22 Article 6 An air carrier or tour operator shall not deny boarding to a disabled passenger and any accompanying person, to a passenger whose mobility is otherwise reduced or to an unaccompanied child. An air carrier or tour operator shall not deny boarding to a disabled passenger and any accompanying person or certified service dog , to a passenger whose mobility is otherwise reduced, to an unaccompanied child , or to passengers travelling with small