point 3 d Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 11 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3 d ) Article 11, paragraph 4 shall be amended as follows: When appropriate, the participation of representatives of third countries and the conditions thereof shall be established in the arrangements referred to in Article 17(2). Such participation shall not affect the Commission representatives' share of votes on the Administrative Board. Justification Where the legislator has given the Commission representatives a blocking minority on key decisions (such as the adoption of the work programme), this should not be altered without coming back to Parliament and Council for approval. If third countries were to be given voting rights, increasing the number of Commission representatives would not be necessary; adjusting a system of weighted votes would be preferable. (See amendment to Article 14). Amendment 65 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 3 e Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 14 – paragraph 2 – subparagraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3 e ) Article 14, paragraph 2, subparagraph 1 shall be amended as follows: 2. Each Member State representative shall have an equal share of 75 per cent of the total votes. Each Commission representative shall have an equal share of 25 per cent of the total votes . The Executive Director of the Agency shall not vote. Justification When the Administrative Board had 15 Member State representatives, a four-fifths majority for the appointment of the Executive Director required Commission support. With 27 Member States this is no longer the case. The Institutional balance should not be altered by past or future enlargements. For this reason, a structural solution involving weighted votes seems desirable. Amendment 66 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 4 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 15 – paragraph 2 – point a Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (a) he shall prepare the multi-annual strategy of the Agency and submit it to the Administrative Board after consultation of the Commission at least 8 weeks before the relevant Board meeting; (a) he/she shall prepare the multi-annual strategy of the Agency and submit it to the Administrative Board, after consultation of the Commission and the responsible Committee of the European Parliament, at least 8 weeks before the relevant Board meeting; Justification In accordance with the principle of gender-neutral language, it is preferable to retain the pronoun usage of