WRITTEN QUESTION E-0772/07 by Roberta Angelilli (UEN) to the Commission (19 February 2007) Subject: Clashes between demonstrators and police during the celebrations marking the fiftieth anniversary of the uprising in Hungary On 23 October 2006, celebrations were held in Budapest to mark the 50th anniversary of the 1956 uprising against the Soviet Union. Unfortunately, during the events, in which over 100 000 people participated, serious clashes broke out between demonstrators and the Hungarian police. That demonstration had been preceded by many other protests which began after a local radio station broadcast a speech given at a party meeting by the Socialist Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany, in which he admitted to having lied about the state of the country's economy in order to win the elections and be re-elected as the country's leader. In response to the crowd's protests, the same Prime Minister Gyurcsany ordered police to use all necessary means to restore order. Thus is was that in a matter of minutes Budapest became a battleground, with roadblocks, barriers and hundreds of mounted police in riot gear combing the entire city throughout the night and arresting hundreds of people. In addition to this, the police were authorised to use tear gas and water cannon as well as rubber bullets, which left over a hundred people injured, four of them seriously. All this was going on while a military parade was being held in Kossuth Square, as scheduled and as if nothing else was happening, before the Hungarian Head of State and Prime Minister and the representatives of 53 states and international organisations invited to the anniversary celebrations. In the light of the above, could the Commission state: 1. whether it is up to speed with what happened or can consult the Hungarian authorities; 2. whether it considers the repressive counter-demonstration measures adopted by the Hungarian authorities to violate the fundamental right to strike and to express an opinion; 3. whether a statement condemning these events is to be issued by the European institutions?