administrative institutions, registers, databases and other services and considers the interconnection of central, commercial and companies registers to be important ▌. (9) Cross-border access to business information on companies and their branches opened in other Member States can only be improved if all Member States engage in enabling electronic communication between registers and transmitting information to individual users in a standardised way , by means of identical content and interoperable technologies , throughout the Union. This interoperability of registers should be ensured by the registers of Member States (‘domestic registers’) providing services, which should constitute interfaces to the European central platform (‘the platform’). The platform should be a centralised set of information technology tools integrating services and should form a common interface. That interface should be used by all domestic registers. The platform should also provide services constituting an interface to the portal, serving as the European electronic access point, and to the optional access points established by Member States. The platform should only be conceived as an instrument for the interconnection of registers and not as a distinct entity possessing legal personality. On the basis of unique identifiers, the platform should have the functionality of distributing information from each of the Member States' registers to the competent registers of other Member States in a standard message format (an electronic form of messages exchanged between information technology systems, such as, for example, xml) and in the appropriate language version. (10) This Directive is not aimed at establishing any centralised registers database storing substantive information about companies. At the stage of implementation of the system of interconnection of central, commercial and companies registers (‘the system of interconnection of registers’), only the set of data necessary for the correct functioning of the central platform should be defined. The scope of those data should include, in particular, operational data, dictionaries and glossaries. It should be determined taking also into account the need to ensure the efficient operation of the system of interconnection of registers. Those data should be used for the purpose of carrying out of the functions by the platform and should never be made publicly available in a direct form. Moreover, the platform should modify neither the content of the data on companies stored in domestic registers nor the information about companies transmitted through the system of central, commercial and companies registers. (11) Since the objective of this Directive is not