the Member States and local authorities to decide which services should be considered of general economic interest and that the private sector can be involved in the provision of such services. Future of the Pension Systems Council and Commission stateme nts on the future of the pension systems Debate : 17.12.2002 The Council and Commission will be making statements on Tuesday evening on the future of pension systems across the EU. Member States are primarily responsible for pension provision. Prohibited substances in Poultry and Prawns Commission statement on the presence of prohibited substances in poultry and prawns Debate : 17.12.2002 The Commission will also make a statement on the presence of prohibited substances in poultry and prawns. Prestige Oil Tanker Disaster Council and Commission statements on maritime security and the Prestige Oil Tanker disaster Debate : 18.12.2002 Wednesday will see the Commission and the Council making statements on maritime security as well as the Prestige Oil Tanker disaster off the coast of Galicia. Award of Sakharov Prize - 2002 Winner of 2002 Sakharov Prize Award of the Sacharov Prize for 2002 toMr Oswaldo José Paya Sardinas Debate : 17.12.2002 The winner of the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought for 2002 will receive his award from President Pat Cox on Tuesday at midday. The winner is Mr Oswaldo José Paya Sardiñas, founder of a non-violent pro-democracy movement in Cuba. This year is the 15th anniversary of the Sakharov Prize and all former winners have been invited to attend the ceremony. The Sakharov Prize is intended to honour individuals or institutions which have made significant contributions to the cause of human rights. The prize is named after the late Soviet dissident physicist Andrei Sakharov. Mr Oswaldo Jose Paya Sardiñas was born on 29 February 1952 in Havana, Cuba. As a result of his openly critical attitude towards the regime he has been arrested and imprisoned many times. In 1987 he founded the Christian Liberation Movement, a non-violent, non-denominational opposition movement, which has repeatedly called for profound political and economic changes towards democracy in Cuban society. Mr Paya Sardiñas currently steers a broad-based coalition of opposition organisations which have begun a signature drive (the Varela Project) for a national referendum for political and economic reform in the country that has already gathered more than 10,000 signatures. In May 2002 representatives of the "Todos Unidos" group delivered 11,020 voters' signatures, more than the