the beneficiaries of the grant. 4. The proportion of financial support from the Community budget shall not exceed 80 % of the total cost of the project. However, the complementary actions referred to in Article 2(2b) may be financed up to 100 %, subject to a ceiling of 15 % of the programme's total annual financial allocation. Article 6 Implementation of the programme 1. The Commission shall be responsible for the management and implementation of the programme. 2. The Commission shall ensure a balanced approach, in respect of the three target groups, namely children, young people - particularly girls - and women , with regard to the implementation of the programme. 3. The Commission shall ensure a balanced approach, in terms of project scale, by reserving a share of the annual budget for large-scale projects, enabling wider partnerships to implement extended activities. 4. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Decision shall be adopted in accordance with the advisory procedure set out in Article 7(2). Article 7 Committee 1. The Commission shall be assisted by a gender-balanced Committee, composed of representatives of the Member States and chaired by the representative of the Commission . 2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, the advisory procedure laid down in Article 3 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, having regard to Article 7(3) and Article 8 thereof. Article 8 Consistency and complementarity In the implementation of the programme, the Commission shall, in cooperation with the Member States, ensure the overall consistency and complementarity with relevant Community policies, instruments and actions having an impact on the field of violence against children, young people and women. This could involve the possibility of including complementary projects financed through other Community programmes. Article 9 Monitoring and evaluation 1. The Commission shall take all the measures necessary to ensure the monitoring and continuous evaluation of the programme taking account of the general and specific objectives set out in Article 1 and in the Annex. 2. At mid-term and by mid-2006 at the latest, the Commission shall present an evaluation report to the European Parliament and to the Council, assessing the relevance, utility, sustainability, effectiveness and efficiency of the Daphne II activities achieved so far. This report will include an ex-ante evaluation in order to support possible future action. Moreover, in parallel to the presentation of the preliminary draft budget, the Commission shall forward to the budgetary authority