to nine new Members States joining the EU's Schengen area for free movement. Legislation introducing sanctions against employers of non-EU nationals working illegally in the Member States has also been adopted. Return of illegal immigrants: towards common rules and minimum standards A directive establishing common rules and minimum conditions for the return and expulsion of illegal immigrants was adopted by the European Parliament following a long debate. The text encourages voluntary departure of illegal non-EU nationals (giving them at least 7 days to leave voluntarily and up to 30 days, after which the Member State has the right to detain them), while at the same time fixing minimum standards for custody and deportation, including for children and health-related issues. The maximum period of custody is fixed at 6 months, which under certain circumstances can be extended by a further 12 months. Prohibition of re-entry is in principle for a maximum of five years, unless the deported person is a threat to public safety. Member States retain the right to suspend such a prohibition. Directive adopted by EP: 18.06.08 (first reading) by 369 in favour, 197 against and 106 abstentions Transposition: 24 months from publication in OJ; 36 months for providing free legal assistance. Green light to expansion of the free movement space - Schengen The Schengen Area has no border controls between its participating countries. The European Parliament supported the enlargement of the Schengen area to nine of the ten Member States that joined the EU in 2004. Thus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Hungary, Malta, Poland, Slovenia and Slovakia have removed all land, sea and air border controls between them and the rest of the Schengen countries: Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Austria, Portugal, Finland and Sweden, as well as Iceland and Norway – countries associated with Schengen). The UK, Ireland, Cyprus, Romania and Bulgaria are now the only EU Member States outside Schengen. Adoption : 15.11.07 (consultation) Implementation: 30 March 2008 for air controls, earlier for land and sea Other votes Opening up labour market to third country workers - blue card In a resolution establishing priorities for an EU migration policy, the European Parliament underlined the need for well-managed legal immigration, as legal channels were needed to counter illegal immigration. MEPs had called, already in 2007, for a blue card to facilitate the entry of highly qualified migrants to take jobs