in any case when a cycle of inspections is concluded, the Agency shall analyse reports from that cycle with a view to identifying horizontal findings and general conclusions on the effectiveness of the measures in place. The Agency shall present this analysis to the Commission for further discussion with Member States. 3. Where appropriate, and in any case when a cycle of inspections is concluded, the Agency shall analyse reports from that cycle with a view to identifying horizontal findings and general conclusions on the effectiveness of the measures in place. The Agency shall present this analysis to the Commission for further discussion with Member States , and shall make it available to the public in an easily accessible format, including in electronic form . Amendment 17 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 2 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 5 - paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. At the request of the Commission, the Administrative Board may decide, with the agreement of the Member States concerned, to establish the regional centres necessary in order to carry out the Agency's tasks in the most efficient and effective way. 3. At the request of the Commission, the Administrative Board may decide, with the agreement and cooperation of the Member States concerned, to establish the regional centres necessary in order to carry out the Agency's tasks in the most efficient and effective way , enhancing cooperation with existing regional and national networks already engaged in prevention measures . Amendment 18 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 5 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 16 - paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. The Executive Director shall be appointed and dismissed by the Administrative Board. The appointment shall be made from a list of candidates proposed by the Commission for a period of five years on grounds of merit and documented administrative and managerial skills, as well as competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution caused by ships and response to marine pollution. Before appointment, the candidate selected by the Administrative Board may be invited to make a statement before the competent committee of the European Parliament and answer questions put by its members. The Administrative Board shall take its decision by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote. 1. The