therefore also costs, which will severely hamper the proper functioning of the internal market. According to the Commission’s impact assessment, if the European approach is taken annual savings of €66 million will be achieved through the avoidance of red tape. Amendment 30 Council position Article 3 – paragraph 1 - point l Council position Amendment (l) 'remove' means manual, mechanical, chemical or metallurgic handling with the result that hazardous substances, mixtures and components are contained in an identifiable stream or are an identifiable part of a stream. A substance, mixture or component is identifiable if it can be monitored to prove environmentally safe treatment; (l) 'remove' means manual, mechanical, chemical or metallurgic handling with the result that hazardous substances, mixtures and components are contained in an identifiable stream or are an identifiable part of a stream at the end of the treatment process . A substance, mixture or component is identifiable if it can be monitored to prove environmentally safe treatment; Justification The directive should not stipulate when the substances, etc. are to be removed. What is important is that the substances should be removed and that the best possible environmental results should be achieved in doing so. Some of the substances have to be removed as identifiable parts of a stream, which can only be done at a later treatment stage and not right at the start. Specifying the juncture at which substances have to be removed would hamper the development of new technologies. For this reason, the Commission’s original proposal is endorsed. Amendment 31 Council position Article 3 – paragraph 1 – point o a (new) Council position Amendment (oa) ‘small appliances’ means all those appliances which in principle are movable and which, in principle, are not intended to remain in their place of use throughout their useful life ; Justification Reinstatement of the definition of ‘small appliances’ from Annex IA of Parliament’s first-reading position. This definition is required in connection with Articles 5(1) and 7(6). Amendment 32 Council's position Article 3 – paragraph 1 – o b (new) Council's position Amendment (ob) ‘ l arge appliances ’ means all those appliances which are not in principle movable or which are intended in principle to remain in their place of use for the duration of their service life. Amendment 33 Council position Article 4 Council position Amendment Member States shall, without prejudice to the requirements of Union legislation