if unacceptable in its current form. While some Members clearly thought that the proposal has no future, others argued that a compromise solution can be found, as long as the Council and Commission are willing to work on a fresh draft, incorporating the Parliament's first-reading amendments. 02.02.2005 Committee on Legal Affairs In the chair: Giuseppe GARGANI (EPP-ED, IT) Press enquiries: Gonçalo Macedo - tel. (32-2) 284 1361 e-mail: gmacedo@europarl.eu.int Neelie Kroes: "State aid: less, but better" Competition Commission Neelie KROES told MEPs on Thursday that she had three main priorities for the years ahead: to reform the state aid regime, to ensure effective enforcement of modernised competition law and to encourage competitive practices. Speaking to an open meeting of the bureau and co-ordinators of the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee, she reiterated that "growth and jobs are the most urgent challenges facing Europe. Growth is not an end in itself, but only through sustained, dynamic growth can we sustain the standard of living Europeans have come to expect." Reform of the state aid regime was top of her agenda, she said. "Not just because the European Council has argued for less, but better, state aid. The real reason is that it is a waste of taxpayers' money to spend it only to maintain people temporarily in unproductive jobs rather than investing in sustainable jobs. It is not acceptable for firms working hard to create and maintain growth and jobs to face competitors with the artificial advantage of state aid. State aid can prevent the market from favouring competitive firms, leaving society with less wealth and a smaller choice of products." Better state aid, she said, would be intelligently targeted on filling the gaps caused by genuine market failure and supporting innovation, research and development, in particular for SMEs and business start-ups. Turning to regional aid, she said this should be targeted at the regions most in need in the context of the enlarged EU, but there should be no discrimination between similar regions because they were in different Member States. She would also be seeking more flexibility for smaller amounts of aid, with a change to the de-minimis threshold and a reduction of the administrative burdens involved. Effective enforcement of competition law The Commissioner promised to follow the line of her predecessor in "effective enforcement of modernised competition law. I will also encourage the mainstreaming of enforcement, involving national authorities