domicile (local) Roma population. Podgorica Mayor Mugosha has presented the Podgorica urban plans which show some land designated for social apartments. 5. The prevailing overall situation in Kosovo has continued to affect the creation of conditions conducive to sustainable return. With minimal or no progress in returns observed in 2005 and 2006, it would appear that the displaced population from Kosovo is waiting for the outcome of the status talks. Nonetheless, UNHCR continues to work with governments, displaced persons organisations and international donors and agencies to promote the right to voluntarily return to Kosovo. 6. In the context of state succession, due consideration should be given by the newly independent states to prevent and avoid statelessness from occurring. Although dual citizenship would be the most desirable option in order to avoid statelessness among individuals from Kosovo currently in displacement in Montenegro, state practice of similar situations in Europe has indicated that this had never been achieved at the time of independence Dual citizenship is not foreseen in the 1999 Montenegro citizenship law, neither in the draft citizenship law — to be enacted during the third quarter of 2006. . However, some international treaties, constitutional provisions and national legislation also offer the choice of nationality from among the new emerging states, including displaced persons residing in any of the new sovereign states In deciding on the granting or the retention of nationality in cases of State succession, the States concerned should be guided by general principles of State succession incorporated in international law instruments and state practice, in particular those highlighted in the 1997 European Convention on Nationality and the newly adopted Council of Europe Convention on the avoidance of Statelessness in relation to State Succession; Namely: the will of the person concern, the genuine and effective link between the person concerned and the new State, the territorial origin of the persons concerned and the habitual residence of the person concerned at the time of succession. Habitual residence has been defined in the context of state succession as ‘stable and factual residence’: Council of Europe Convention on the avoidance of statelessness in relation of State Succession, Article 1. . Moreover, if no treaty or agreements are signed, the states concerned should grant nationality to those who otherwise would became stateless. The Government of Montenegro should now take concrete actions in order to clarify the legal status of displaced persons from Kosovo.