on the application and implementation of this Regulation to the European Parliament. The report shall cover all of the preferential arrangements referred to in Article 1(2), include information about the activities of the various bodies responsible for monitoring the implementation of this Regulation and fulfilment of the obligations arising therefrom, including obligations concerning barriers to trade, and present a summary of the statistics and the evolution of trade with the beneficiary countries and territories. 2. The Generalised Preferences Committee and the European Parliament shall examine the effects of the scheme, on the basis of the report. The European Parliament may invite the Commission to an ad hoc meeting of its responsible committee to present and explain any issues related to the implementation of the Agreement. 3. No later than six months after presenting the report to the Generalised Preferences Committee and the European Parliament, the Commission shall make the report public.‘ Amendment 252 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 19 – point -1 (new) Regulation (EC) No 597/2009 Recital 16 -1. Recital 16 is replaced by the following: ‘ (16) It is necessary to provide that the termination of cases should, irrespective of whether definitive measures are adopted or not, normally take place within 11 months and in no case later than 12 months, from the initiation of the investigation. Only if Member States indicate to the Commission that they expect an intense controversy in the decision making process with the need to submit a draft implementing act to the appeal body pursuant to Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011, the Commission should be able to decide, to extend the time limit, for a period up to, but in no case longer than, 13 months.’ Amendment 253 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 19 – point -1 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 597/2009 Recital 26 -1a. Recital 26 is deleted. Amendment 254 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 19 – point -1 b (new) Regulation (EC) No 597/2009 Recital 26 a (new) -1b. The following recital is inserted: ‘(26a) The implementation of this Regulation requires uniform conditions for the adoption of provisional and definitive measures, and for the termination of an investigation without measures. Those measures should be adopted by the Commission in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council