limits 14. Questions shall be tabled at least one week before Question Time begins. Questions not tabled within this time limit may be taken during Question Time with the consent of the institution concerned. Questions declared admissible shall be distributed to Members and forwarded to the institutions concerned. B. Recommendations (extract from resolution of Parliament of 13 November 1986) The European Parliament, 1. Recommends stricter application of the guidelines for the conduct of Question Time under Rule 43 Now Rule 116. , and in particular of point 1 of those guidelines concerning admissibility; 2. Recommends more frequent use of the power conferred on the President of the European Parliament by Rule 43(3) Now Rule 116(3). to group questions for Question Time according to subject; considers, however, that only the questions falling within the first half of the list of questions tabled for a given part-session should be subject to such grouping; 3. Recommends, as regards supplementary questions, that as a general rule the President should allow one supplementary question from the questioner and one or at most two supplementaries put by Members belonging preferably to a different political group and/or Member State from the author of the main question; recalls that supplementary questions must be concise and interrogatory in form and suggests that their duration should not exceed 30 seconds; 4. Invites the Commission and the Council, pursuant to point 7 of the guidelines, to ensure that answers are concise and relevant to the subject of the question. ANNEX III Guidelines for questions for written answer under Rules 117 and 118 1. Questions for written answer shall: - clearly specify the addressee to whom they are to be transmitted through the usual interinstitutional channels; - fall within the competence and sphere of responsibility of the addressee and be of general interest; - be concise and contain an understandable interrogation; - not contain offensive language; - not relate to strictly personal matters. 2. If a question does not comply with these guidelines, the Secretariat shall provide the author with advice on how the question may be drafted in order to be admissible. 3. If an identical or similar question has been put and answered during the preceding six months, or to the extent that a question merely seeks information on the follow-up to a specific resolution of Parliament of a kind which the Commission has already provided in a written follow-up