WRITTEN QUESTION E-2268/07 by Antolín Sánchez Presedo (PSE) to the Commission (27 April 2007) Subject: Situation surrounding the President of the World Bank Following accusations of nepotism, Paul Wolfowitz, President of the World Bank, admitted to having promoted his girlfriend to an executive position prior to her transfer to the US State Department and accepted that he had made an error of judgment, for which he apologised. The World Bank Staff Association has criticised the fact that this decision, which was followed by pay rises of more than double the amount stipulated by the multilateral financial institution, was made without adhering to the relevant rules and conventions. The Development Committee, which represents the 185 Member States, has asked the Executive Committee to continue its investigation into the case. The overarching goal of the World Bank is to reduce world poverty and to improve standards of living by providing technical and financial assistance to developing countries. According to the former United Nations Secretary General, Kofi Annan, a traditional complaint levied against such resources is that they often go to waste as a result of corruption and bad management. If the millennium objectives are to be reached it is therefore of vital importance to promote and practise good governance. The reputation and credibility of the World Bank as a key institution in the pursuit of these objectives is crucial and these events may well prove to be damaging; both the World Bank and the IMF have expressed grave concern at the situation. The suitability of Paul Wolfowitz to preside over the World Bank was called into question by various sections of the public even before his appointment. There are now questions over how much longer he should remain in charge, with new voices calling for his resignation. Does the Commission share the concerns over the actions of Paul Wolfowitz as President of the World Bank? Does it consider the integrity of this institution to have been affected? Does it believe that the World Bank should be a shining example of good governance? Does it deem the apologies offered by Mr Wolfowitz to be sufficient? Finally, is the Commission going to propose any initiative or concerted response at European level?