Reply (27 October 2010) The Council would recall that the responsibility for the control and surveillance of the external borders as well for the removal or return of persons having crossed or trying to cross such borders illegally lies exclusively with the Member States. In order to increase the coordination of operational cooperation between Member States, the Frontex Agency, set up by Regulation (EC) No 2007/2004 OJ L 349, 25.11.2004, p. 1. (Frontex Regulation), aims inter alia at facilitating the application of existing EU measures relating to the management of external borders. Joint operations of Members States coordinated by Frontex, are subject to the provisions of the Schengen Borders Code (Regulation (EC) No 562/2006 OJ L 105, 13.4.2006, p. 1. as subsequently amended), in which Recital 20 states that this regulation ‘respects fundamental rights and observes the principles recognised by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the EU. It should be applied in accordance with the Member States' obligations as regards international protection and non-refoulement.’ The Schengen Borders Code has been supplemented by Council Decision 2010/252/EU of 26 April 2010 as regards the surveillance of the sea external borders in the context of operational cooperation coordinated by Frontex OJ L 111, 4.5.2010, p. 20. . This decision provides a number of rules and guidelines which apply to surveillance operations of Members States coordinated by Frontex, and which must be part of the operational plan drawn up for each operation. The rules in question provide in particular that measures taken for the purpose of the surveillance operation must be conducted in accordance with fundamental rights and in a way that does not put at risk the safety of the persons intercepted or rescued (Rule 1.1). They also provide that no person shall be disembarked in or otherwise handed over to the authorities of a country in contravention of the principle of non-refoulement, or a country from which there is a risk of expulsion or return to another country in contravention of that principle (Rule 1.2). More generally, in this regard, it has also to be mentioned that Frontex has developed common core curricula for border guards education at European level and provides training related to the border control and surveillance for national border guards, covering among other things human rights.