Answer given by Mr Borg on behalf of the Commission (8 February 2010) The Commission would like to clarify the situation regarding the Southern Indian Ocean Fisheries Agreement (SIOFA) referred to in the question of the Honourable Member. The Southern Indian Ocean Fisheries Agreement (SIOFA) was ratified by the European Community — now the European Union — by virtue of EC Council Decision 2008/780/EC of 29 September 2008, it concerns the conservation and sustainable use of non-tuna species in that region. The Agreement has not yet entered into force, as it has not been ratified by a sufficient number of SIOFA Members. In addition, it should be emphasised that European vessels fishing in the South West Indian Ocean are mainly targeting tuna and tuna-like species and they rarely fish for non-tuna species, under the SIOFA rules. EU fishing vessels like the Alakrana, fishing for tuna and tuna-like species in the Indian Ocean, are operating under (a) the rules of the Indian Ocean Tuna Commission (IOTC), which manages the tuna fisheries in the region in order to keep fishing activities sustainable; (b) the principles of the common fisheries policy and (c) the Bilateral Fisheries Partnership Agreements which the European Union has concluded with various countries in the region. Within this framework the activities of EU vessels are comprehensively regulated and subjected to monitoring, including through Vessel Monitoring System (VMS) obligations, catch reporting, etc. The Commission also communicates on the obligations under which EU vessels operate in non-EU waters. This information is made available in press releases, brochures and website material as well as in replies to queries from the press and the public. Unfortunately, this information does not find much of an echo in the press. The Commission remains actively involved in international efforts to address the root causes of piracy in the region, as well as in the coordination with EU military efforts in the region to fight piracy and armed robbery. The Commission would like to stress that it is important to dispel the claim that piracy is in effect preventing the depletion of Somalia's fishing grounds and the further deterioration of the environment being caused by foreign fishing vessels. There is no evidence to support this claim. Some EU vessels operating under the Indian Ocean Fisheries Partnership Agreements have already shifted their activities to other fishing grounds in the Atlantic and the Pacific. However, the numbers of alternative