Answer given by Mr Kyprianou on behalf of the Commission (10 January 2007) The Commission is aware of the evidence on the impact of trans fatty acids on health and there is an opinion of the European Food Safety Authority (See: http://www.efsa.eu.int/science/nda/nda_opinions/588_en.html) Opinion of the Scientific Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies on a request from the Commission related to the presence of trans fatty acids in foods and the effect on human health of the consumption of trans fatty acids. on this subject. Trans fatty acids can be formed during the processing of fats and oils, including hydrogenation. In addition, trans fatty acids can be naturally present in foods of animal origin, such as dairy products and meat from certain animals. The scientific evidence indicated that higher intake of trans fatty acids is associated with a potential increased risk in coronary heart disease and that other dietary factors, for example intake of saturated fatty acids, can also have an impact. The Commission is committed to using the appropriate means that are available to it to promote consumer protection and health. The issue of food choice is complex and cannot be solved only by legislation. However, it is important that the consumers are enabled to make choices that contribute to a healthy diet. Information about the composition of foods is an important element in empowering consumers to make informed choices about their diet. In addition, the food industry plays an important role by providing healthier options from which consumers can select their overall diet. One area of activity in relation to nutrition within the European Platform for Action on Diet, Physical Activity and Health is the voluntary reformulation of products, which the Commission has been strongly encouraging. Such activities are already among the commitments from the food industry and members of the Platform aimed at reducing the amount of fat, in particular saturated fatty acids and trans fatty acids, in their products. The extent of these actions should become apparent as the work of the Platform progresses, particularly in relation to monitoring of commitments. Such initiatives would be expected to have a positive impact on the potential risk factors for cardiovascular disease. In 2003 the Danish authorities introduced measures restricting the amount of trans fatty acids in fats that are derived from the processing of fats and oils. A complaint was subsequently raised against the Danish measure alledging that