Answer given by Commissioner Füle on behalf of the Commission (26 May 2010) The European Union has been trying through the European Neighbourhood Policy Instrument (ENPI) to strengthen the dialogue between Israel and the occupied Palestinian territory (oPt) at community level and also at governmental level. The political forum to discuss water and politically- related issues is the Joint Water Committee in which donors do not participate Building on the regional programme EXACT ‘Fostering cooperation on water management between the Israeli, Palestinian and Jordanian water authorities’, a further EUR 1.5 million was approved in 2009 for continued support to this regional cooperation platform. Up to now the results of these actions have been very limited, especially at government level. Israel and the oPt do not share a common water data base and data presented in reports by International Organisations and NGOs (e.g. World Bank, Amnesty International) are challenged by the Israeli Water Authority. It is clear that water resource sharing is a key concern in the peace process. Water is a focal sector for European Union assistance to the occupied Palestinian territory (oPt). The present portfolio has four main components: — Institutional strengthening: By reinforcing the capacity of the Palestinian Water Authority, the Commission aims to have a more strategic approach to the Water issue in the oPt. Around EUR 1 million (still under consultation) is scheduled for this component for 2010. — Treatment and re-use of effluent water: EUR 9.48 million from the Food Security budget line 2009 has been allocated for water sanitation for use in agriculture and water will continue to be a major focus of the Infrastructure Projects in 2010). — Providing basic infrastructure for the water networks. Several Reservoirs were built under the Infrastructure Facility. — Rain Fed Cisterns to promote and maintain local agriculture: EUR 2.5 million have been pledged yearly for the period 2010‑13. These projects indirectly influence the quantity of water available per capita in the oPt. However, the implementation of these infrastructure projects in the C area of the West Bank -under full control of Israel- is frequently delayed due to the non‑granting of construction permits by Israel or even by the destruction of some water related infrastructure by the Israel Defence Forces.