motorways and railways in the trans-European network. In their amendments to the Commission's text, MEPs are demanding a clear list of priority programmes in the context of enlargement and the future Financial Perspective. Other amendments proposed seek to modify some of the 29 projects in Annex III of the proposal. In addition, the Parliament insists that it should be consulted on a number of points under the codecision procedure. One of these is the appointment of a European co-ordinator, whose role will be to assist with certain projects of European interest. Another is the Quick Start Programme, adopted by the Transport Council, in December 2003, which identified a number of component projects chosen from within the TENs 29 corridors (cross-border projects) on which Community funding is to be focused over the next three years. Although Commission TREN Director-General Lamoureux had earlier tried to convince MEPs that the Quick Start Programme was not legally binding, several of them complained that the EP had not been formally consulted under the codecision procedure. Committee chairman Paolo COSTA (ELDR, I) put an oral question to Council at the Brussels plenary session of Wednesday 25 February on the failure to consult Parliament on the Quick Start projects. Unfair competition in air transport Nick CLEGG (ELDR, East Midlands) Report on the Council common position for adopting a European Parliament and Council regulation concerning protection against subsidisation and unfair pricing practices causing injury to Community air carriers in the supply of airline services from countries not members of the European Community (14141/1/2003 – C5-0018/2004 – 2002/0067(COD)) Doc.: A5-0064/2004 Procedure : Codecision (2nd reading) Debate : 10.03.2004 Vote: 11.03.2004 Vote In adopting Nick CLEGG 's (ELDR, East Midlands) second reading report, Parliament has taken on board EU measures to impose duties on non-European air carriers which compete unfairly with Community airlines. Following the events of 11 September 2001, the US administration and other governments granted their airlines huge subsidies, distorting above all the transatlantic market and thus hitting the interests of European airlines. In the near future, an EU airline can complain to the Commission if it feels to be the victim of unfair competition. After an investigation, the Commission can impose duties on the non-EU airline concerned. The House approved the common position with only minor changes. The legislation can now enter into force without changes by the Transport Council. Press enquiries: Ton Huyssoon (Strasbourg) tel.(33-3) 881