York's 11th congressional district.", " Both districts consisted of Staten Island and parts of Brooklyn.", " Grimm is a member of the Republican Party, and during his time in office was the only Republican to represent a significant portion of New York City.", " He is a former FBI agent, businessman, attorney, and U.S. Marine, having served in the Persian Gulf War." ] ], [ "Epic Mickey", [ "Epic Mickey is a platform video game designed by Warren Spector and developed by Junction Point Studios for the Wii console.", " The game focuses on Mickey Mouse, who accidentally damages a world created by Yen Sid for forgotten characters and concepts, and is forced to fix the world while combating antagonists with a magic paintbrush.", " \"Epic Mickey\" notably features the first appearance of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit since 1943 as a major character, who was one of Walt Disney's first successful cartoon characters before the character was licensed under the ownership of Universal Studios.", " The character was regained by The Walt Disney Company in 2006 under the guidance of Bob Iger.", " The game also marks the first time that Oswald and Mickey ever appeared together.", " The game is much darker and more complex than previous Mickey Mouse games." ] ], [ "Leonard &quot;Boogie&quot; Weinglass", [ "Leonard \"Boogie\" Weinglass (born 1941) is a charismatic American businessman who founded retailer Merry-Go-Round, a chain of restaurants named Boogie’s Diner, and whose early life was portrayed by actor Mickey Rourke in the 1982 classic American film \"Diner\"." ] ], [ "Vincent Marotta", [ "Vincent George Marotta Sr. (February 22, 1924 – August 1, 2015) was an American businessman, investor and philanthropist.", " He is best known for being the co-creator of Mr. Coffee, one of the first automatic drip coffee makers to be introduced to the American consumer market.", " Marotta, who conceived the idea for the Mr. Coffee machine, developed it with his business partner, Samuel Glazer, to replace the slower, more challenging percolator for use in homes.", " Marotta and Glazer began marketing Mr. Coffee in 1972.", " Marotta, who was responsible for much of the company's marketing as chairman and CEO, recruited Joe DiMaggio to appear in a series of Mr. Coffee television commercials. By 1979, just seven years after its consumer launch, sales of Mr. Coffee accounted for 50% of the U.S. consumer coffee maker with sales