abides by its commitments on climate change; believes that this is vital, in view of the lacklustre conclusions of the United Nations Conference on climate change, which ended in Milan on 12 December; expects other parties – notably the United States and Russia – to take fresh decisions enabling the Kyoto Protocol finally to come into force; Freedom, security and justice 16. Regrets that the European Council has welcomed the decisions taken on immigration and asylum, which are based on expediency, security concerns and coercion (management of external borders, control of migratory flows, readmission agreements with third countries); 17. Condemns the introduction of ‘European charters’ to expel foreigners; points out that such collective expulsions are officially prohibited under the European Convention on Human Rights and the Charter of Fundamental Rights; 18. Calls for the guidelines on immigration and asylum to be revised in order to promote immigration and asylum policies that respect human rights and are based on the free movement of persons, improvements to the right to asylum, the protection of refugees and the maintenance of reception conditions for immigrants; 19. Calls in particular for directives on asylum to comply fully with the Geneva Convention and the protocol thereto; 20. Takes note of the measures taken to fight terrorism and organised crime; calls for human rights and democracy to be upheld in this fight; 21. Is concerned at the rise in xenophobia, racism and anti-Semitism; notes the Council’s resolve to combat racially motivated acts of violence; calls for a fresh measures at national and Community level to combat all forms of anti-Semitism, as well as acts of intolerance against Muslims; Enlargement 22. Takes note of the measures taken to ensure that the ongoing negotiations with Bulgaria and Romania result in the accession of these countries in 2007; 23. Notes that Croatia has submitted its application, and expects the other countries in the Balkans to follow suit; 24. Takes note of the outcome of the Turkish Cypriot elections of 14 December, which ought to help pave the way for a settlement to be found to the division of Cyprus; welcomes the European Council’s insistence on the need for ‘an immediate resumption of the talks’ on the reunification of the island on the basis of the most recent proposals put forward by the United Nations Secretary-General; 25. Believes that a settlement of the Cyprus issue should help Turkey’s application for EU