REACH would replace over 40 existing directives and regulations. It comes under the codecision procedure, and both the legislative institutions - Parliament and Council - are currently working on it. Parliament's first reading is expected in early autumn. Under REACH, companies that manufacture or import more than one tonne of a chemical substance per year would have to register it in a central database. The companies would have to assess the risks arising from use of the chemical and take measures to manage any such risks. This would reverse the burden of proof, from public authorities to industry, for ensuring the safety of chemicals on the market. The current state of play Speaking on behalf of his institution, Environment Commissioner Stavros DIMAS told the hearing that the new Commission would continue in the footsteps of its predecessor and seek a balance between environmental and health benefits and the competitiveness concerns of industry. "The benefits of REACH outweigh the costs clearly and the costs can be made even more manageable", was the main message from Mr Dimas. He was backed by Günter VERHEUGEN, Commissioner responsible for Enterprise and Industry, who said "anyone who thinks the new Commission is less committed to REACH than its predecessor is wrong" . Mr Dimas reminded MEPs that the aims of the REACH were to improve protection of public health and the environment, protect the integrity of the internal market and provide the chemical industry with a better regulatory framework. "What is sure is that Europe cannot keep using chemicals the way we use them today," he said. It was important to bear in mind the economic realities, he acknowledged, but he pointed out " We don't know enough about the chemicals - some of them might have dramatic effects on people's health. " To a question by Parliament's lead rapporteur Guido SACCONI (PES, IT), of the Environment Committee, on the possibility that the Commission might bring forward a new proposal in the light of new impact studies, Mr Verheugen said the Commission wanted to sound out the will of Parliament and Council first. He added " Why would the Commission do studies if it were not willing to take the results into account?" . However, he subsequently said " It is premature to say whether there will be structural changes ". When Caroline LUCAS (Greens/EFA, UK) accused the Commission of being biased and only involving