(EPP-ED, FIN) will be recommending the approval of a conciliation agreement on public access to environmental information. Overall, Parliament's wishes to clarify the scope and purpose of the directive to promote the use of modern information technology were taken into account in the agreement reached. The contamination of the food chain is included in the definition of environmental information. Parliament and Council also agreed that public authorities should be obliged to actively assist citizens seeking information. It is important from the citizens' rights point of view that public authorities should have to take into account the public interest served by disclosure when considering whether to withhold information. The name of the authority preparing the reply to the request from a citizen and the date of completion of the documents also has to be released. Throughout the procedure the Parliament emphasised the need to enhance the quality of information. Under the agreement reached information supplied by the public authorities has to be up-to-date, accurate and reliable. On the question of fees, Parliament and Council agreed that as a matter of principle, information should be given for free but that where necessary on costs grounds the charges levied should not exceed "a reasonable amount". By reaching an agreement on this Directive, the EU has taken the first step towards ratification of the UN 1998 Århus Convention. Citizens’ Rights Prosecution of War Crimes and Crimes Against Humanity Timothy KIRKHOPE (EPP-ED, Yorkshire and the Humber) Report on the initiative by the Kingdom of Denmark with a view to adopting a Council Decision on the investigation and prosecution of inter alia war crimes and crimes against humanity (11098/2002 – C5-0418/2002 – 2002/0819(CNS)) Doc.: A5-0429/2002 Procedure : Consultation procedure Debate : 16.12.2002 Timothy KIRKHOPE (EPP-ED, Yorkshire and the Humber) for the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs will be tabling a draft resolution on a Danish initiative on the investigation and prosecution of inter alia war crimes and crimes against humanity. Contrary to the Danish proposal, the reporter does not want the scope of the initiative to include terrorism, since terrorism cannot be considered as the same as war crimes and therefore merits a separate decision. Instead, the reporter defines the scope as to include genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes as defined in the Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC). The committee also makes clear references to the issue