trade integration and adjustment, in support of the multilateral trading system within the framework of the ongoing reform of the financial instruments of external assistance. It is important to underline that this line does not aim at changing current programming and implementation practices. In order to maintain the support of domestic efforts to mainstream trade into national plans for economic development and strategies for poverty reduction, most of the actions covered by this line would be implemented, as appropriate, within the framework of the EU Country Strategy papers (CSPs) and Regional Strategy Papers (RSPs). A small proportion of the actions covered by this line would be implemented through multilateral initiatives. SUGGESTIONS The Committee on International Trade calls on the Committee on Budgets, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: 1. Considers that the Council has made across-the-board cuts in administrative expenditure related to, among others, staff and management in DG Trade. Such cuts are not justifiable and the Preliminary Draft Budget figures should be reinstated. The actual increase of staff provided for by DG Trade, for instance, amounts to only 12 officials, which is a moderate figure given the challenges DG Trade must tackle over the coming year; 2. Emphasises that the cuts in DG Trade's operational budget (i.e. line 20 02 01) are particularly regrettable since they would entail a net reduction of 3% compared with the 2005 budget; 3. Considers that the current Budget of the European Union does not adequately address the growing importance of trade-related aid, and stresses that, in its current form, trade-related assistance is hardly visible, not transparent and difficult to mobilise; 4. Considers that a new "Aid for Trade" budget line, which corresponds to trade-related assistance, is needed in order to rationalise expenditure aimed at supporting developing countries to participate effectively in the multilateral trading system and to improve their trade performance, notably through: (i) assistance for trade policy, participation in negotiations and implementation of trade agreements, (ii) assistance for trade development, (iii) assistance for Trade Adjustment, (iv) assistance to support trade-related infrastructure; 5. Believes that the new "aid for trade" budget line is necessary in order to: (i) improve transparency and thereby democratic control over a large budget (i.e. EUR 700 million per annum); (ii) provide trade-related assistance with more visibility, and; (iii) facilitate more flexibility in mobilising funds quickly and through multilateral initiatives