already in use on the Community market at the date of entry into force of this Regulation and that the request for derogation was made within two years from that date. 3. If the Commission refuses to grant a derogation, it shall do so within 12 months of receiving from a Member State the evaluation mentioned in Article 5(3), except in the case of Article 5(4) and (6) of Decision 1999/468/EC where the period shall be 18 months. It may set a transitional period during which the placing on the market and use of the surfactant in question shall be phased out. This transitional period shall not exceed two years from the date of the Commission's decision. 4. The Commission shall publish in Annex VI the list of surfactants that have been identified as not complying with this Regulation. Article 7 Testing of surfactants All tests referred to in Articles 3 and 4 and in Annexes II, III, IV and VIII shall be conducted in compliance with the standards mentioned in Annex I.1 and in accordance with testing requirements under Article 10(5) of Regulation (EEC) No 793/93. For this purpose, it is sufficient to apply either the EN ISO/IEC standard or the principles of good laboratory practice, except for those tests for which the principles of good laboratory practice have been made mandatory. In cases where surfactants are used in detergents which were placed on the market before the entry into force of the above standard, existing tests that were performed using the best scientific knowledge available, and that were performed to a standard comparable to those of the standards mentioned in Annex I may be accepted on a case-by-case basis. The manufacturer or the Member State may submit to the Commission any case over which there is doubt or dispute. A decision shall then be taken in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12(2). Article 8 Duties of the Member States 1. Member States shall appoint the competent authority or authorities responsible for communicating and exchanging information relating to the management of this Regulation and inform the Commission of the full name and address of these authorities. 2. Each Member State shall notify to the other Member States and to the Commission the list of approved laboratories, with their full name and address, that are competent and authorised to carry out the tests required by this Regulation.