political, economic and social subjects and in the field of human rights, D. whereas the EU has defined a new European Neighbourhood Policy aimed at enhancing such partnership, giving a further opportunity to deepen relations, strengthening the political dialogue, integrating partner countries in EU policies and projecting peace, stability and democracy in neighbouring countries, E. whereas the first Action Plans with Morocco, Tunisia, Jordan, Israel and the Palestinian National Authority adopted by the Council commit the Union and partner countries to a closer and all-encompassing dialogue and must keep a coherent and common regional approach, F. stressing that the resumption of dialogue between the parties to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict provides a window of opportunity towards a comprehensive and lasting settlement which is bound to boost the whole Euromed process, G. whereas on 19 October 2004 the Commission and Syria formally signalled the end of the negotiations for an EU-Syria Association Agreement, thus concluding the phase of bilateral agreements provided for in the Euro-Mediterranean partnership, H. taking note of the Council Common Position of 14 October 2004 lifting the restrictive measures and the arms embargo against Libya, which paves the way for the full involvement of that country in the Barcelona process, I. whereas the transformation of the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Forum into the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly (EMPA) with its three relevant committees strengthens the parliamentary dimension of the Euromed process, thus enhancing its democratic accountability; whereas the creation of this new body should enhance the overall dialogue between the two regions, J. appalled by the assassination of Rafik Hariri and concerned by the situation created in Lebanon by this criminal act, K. concerned by the waiver of parliamentary immunity and detention of Ayman Nour, President of the Ghad Party in Egypt, 1. Welcomes the decision of the ministers that 2005 is the Year of the Mediterranean, and calls on the Council and Commission to make a renewed effort to enhance democracy and contribute and promote the necessary political, economic and social reforms in the Mediterranean countries; 2. Considers that the political dialogue envisaged has not yet led to tangible results throughout the region; considers that the human rights aspect of the Barcelona process has, unfortunately, not been developed sufficiently while the situation in numerous countries shows no sign of improvement; deplores the failure to comply with the human rights clause in the Euro-Mediterranean agreements; reiterates its call on the Commission to