to exercise rights under the contract, including rights to terminate a contract or to switch to another product or another trader; e) any threat to take any action that cannot legally be taken , unless the trader proves his good faith . CHAPTER 3: CODES OF CONDUCT Article 10 Codes of conduct 1. Codes of conduct contain appropriate and effective mechanisms for monitoring and enforcing compliance with the code. Consumer organisations may participate in the drafting of the code. 2 . This Directive does not exclude the enforcement of codes of conduct by code users in order to control unfair commercial practices and recourse to such bodies by the persons or organisations referred to in Article 11 if proceedings before such bodies are in addition to the court or administrative proceedings referred to in that Article. 3. The optional procedures referred to in paragraph 2 may be arbitration proceedings and may make provision for the payment of sums of money by way of penalty or as compensation. CHAPTER 4: FINAL PROVISIONS Article 11 Enforcement 1. Member States shall establish adequate and effective means to combat unfair commercial practices in order to ensure compliance with the provisions of this Directive in the interest of consumers. Such means shall include legal provisions under which persons or organisations regarded under national law as having a legitimate interest in combating unfair commercial practices may: – take legal action against such unfair commercial practices; and/or – bring such unfair commercial practices before an administrative authority competent either to decide on complaints or to initiate appropriate legal proceedings. It shall be for each Member State to decide which of these facilities shall be available and whether to enable the courts or administrative authorities to require prior recourse to other established means of dealing with complaints, including those referred to in Article 10. With due regard for national laws, these legal facilities may be directed separately or jointly against a number of traders from the same economic sector . 2. Under the legal provisions referred to in paragraph 1, Member States shall confer upon the courts or administrative authorities powers enabling them, in cases where they deem such measures to be necessary taking into account all the interests involved and in particular the public interest: – to order the cessation of, or to institute appropriate legal proceedings for an order for the cessation of, unfair commercial practices,