Answer given by Ms Damanaki on behalf of the Commission (15 March 2010) The Honourable Member refers to recent positive developments of the Southern hake fishery and draws attention to both (i) the Commission's assessment of the recovery plan and (ii) the Commission's intention to introduce a management plan for this stock. Regulation (EC) No 2166/2005 OJ L 345, 28.12.2005. establishes measures for the recovery of Southern hake and Norway lobster stocks in the Cantabrian Sea and Western Iberian Peninsula. This recovery plan aims to bring the spawning stock biomass of hake above 35 000 tonnes within 10 years and to reduce fishing mortality Fishing mortality or deaths caused by fishing is approximately the percentage of the stock being removed by fishing each year. to 0.27. The main elements in the plan are a 10 % annual reduction in fishing effort or days at sea and a 15 % constraint in total allowable catch (TAC) changes from one year to the next. The Honourable Member mentions the positive evolution of the Southern hake stock and the revision of possible outdated measures designed to reduce fishing effort. It is however important to underline that when TACs increase due to higher fish abundance resulting from the growth or migration of smaller fish, the catch per day at sea also increases. This means fishermen catch more fish with the same or even less days at sea. The International Council for the Exploration of the Sea (ICES) classifies the stock as suffering from reduced reproductive capacity as well as at risk of being fished unsustainably. Fishing mortality has increased in recent years and is currently at the level of 0.52. This is dangerously close to the figure of 0.55 as of which the stock is in danger of collapsing. It is for that reason that the Council of Ministers applied the recovery plan and reduced the fishing mortality by reducing the days at sea for this fishery in 2010 by 10 %. As to the second question, a multi-annual approach to fisheries management, involving either management plans for stocks at or within safe biological limits or recovery plans for stocks outside safe biological limits was introduced with the 2002 CFP reform. Recovery plans usually lay down the conditions under which these could be replaced by management plans as soon as recovery targets had been reached. These initial plans were largely based on biomass rebuilding