not specified to which other species the reduction shall apply, nor have criteria been established for carrying out the reduction over one or more years. Fishing without a quota is one of the most serious infringements that can be committed under the CFP and any Member State which allows this should be severely punished, including under Regulation 1005/2008, as this would be illegal fishing. It does not, however, make sense, to punish other innocent fleets from that same Member State. In justice, punishment should fall on the party that committed the offence and the party which permitted this, not on third parties. Amendment 7 9 Proposal for a regulation Article 98 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Article 98 deleted Deduction of quotas for failure to comply with the objectives of the Common Fisheries Policy 1. Where there is evidence that rules on conservation, control, inspection or enforcement under the Common Fisheries Policy are not being complied with by a Member State and that this may lead to a serious threat to the conservation of living aquatic resources or the effective operation of the Community control and enforcement system, the Commission may operate deductions from the annual quotas, allocations or shares of a stock or group of stocks available to that Member State. 2. The Commission shall inform in writing the Member State concerned of its findings and set a deadline of no more than 10 working days for the Member State to demonstrate that the fisheries can be safely exploited. 3. The measures referred to in paragraph 1 shall only apply if the Member State fails to respond to this request of the Commission within the deadline given in paragraph 2 or if the response is considered unsatisfactory or is clearly indicative of the fact that the necessary measures have not been implemented. 4. Detailed rules for the application of this article, and in particular for determining the quantities concerned, shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 111. Justification In justice, punishment should fall on the party that committed the offence and the party which permitted this, not on third parties. The Member State should be punished and there are various possibilities for doing so, one of which is within the framework of Article 95 of this Regulation. The Commission cannot, however, punish fishermen for their flag Member State's bad control practices, nor can