Supplementary answer given by Mr Verheugen on behalf of the Commission (14 August 2007) Further to its reply of 16 May 2007, the Commission is pleased to provide the Honourable Member with the following supplementary information: On 28 March 2007, the Commission contacted the French authorities in order to determine whether the Renault Clio Mark II model had been type-approved by the French type-approval authorities, le Centre National de Réception de Véhicules. On 6 April 2007, le Centre National de Réception de Véhicules confirmed to the Commission that the French authorities had type-approved the Renault Clio Mark II model and that they had made inquiries with Renault in relation to the possible failure of the bonnet catch in a series of units of the model in question. On 10 April 2007, Renault contacted directly the Commission and stated that it had already been approached by the British authorities, the Vehicle and Operator Services Agency (VOSA). Renault had argued that there was no problem related to the design or manufacture of the Renault Clio Mark II, but that the problems might instead be caused by the inadequate maintenance of the locking device. Renault informed the Commission that it had started a campaign in order to highlight to customers the importance of the maintenance of the bonnet catch of the Renault Clio Mark II. More specifically, Renault informed that it had been contacting its customers in order to propose that they approach the Renault dealer of their choice for a free test, receive complementary information and, if appropriate, obtain a replacement locking device. Following the letter of Renault to the Commission, the Commission contacted VOSA in order to verify the information provided by Renault and to become more acquainted with the investigation carried out by VOSA itself. On 28 June 2007 VOSA confirmed that it has conducted a robust investigation into the matter. VOSA considers that Renault has indeed undertaken, and continues to undertake, the actions described above vis-à-vis its customers. Moreover, as a result of its investigations, VOSA states that its findings support those of Renault. In particular, VOSA states that there is no feature of design or construction, either in the main bonnet mechanism or in the safety catch, which is liable to cause risk of personal injury or death. Rather, VOSA takes the view that the evidence suggests that the problems reported by vehicle owners are most likely to