Answer given by Mr Piebalgs on behalf of the Commission (21 November 2011) The future 2012 draft budget is not implemented yet but in past preparatory actions for China, the Commission has included measures to mitigate the risk of infringement of European intellectual property rights. For instance, the Science and Technology Fellowship Programmes (STF) of 2007 and 2009 with China foresee in the two implementation contracts a specific clause addressing this issue ‘The risk of infringement of intellectual property rights will be mitigated through two measures. Firstly, the Chinese host organisation must sign an agreement with the participant which protects the STF fellow and in which it is clearly defined who obtains the right of intellectual property of research results achieved during the participant’s practical research period. Secondly, the STF participants can receive advice and consultation on IPR related laws and regulation and their protection by the recently started EU‑China Project on the Protection of Intellectual Property Rights’. . In the same way, the service contracts relating to the recently expired Managers’ Exchange and Training Programme (METP), targeted towards European and Chinese business managers, introduced a similar article in its General Conditions ‘14.3 Any results or rights thereon, including copyright and other intellectual or industrial property rights, obtained in performance of the Contract, shall be the absolute property of the Contracting Authority, which may use, publish, assign or transfer them as it sees fit, without geographical or other limitation, except where intellectual or industrial property rights already exist’. . Moreover, at the end of the latter, an agreement was signed between the EU Delegation, China’s Ministry of Commerce and the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT), which stated that the ownership and intellectual property of the materials produced under the METP, belongs to the EU. In general terms, the Commission is closely monitoring Chinese policies regarding the protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights (IPRs), including the indigenous innovation policy, and has been taking concrete steps to influence them, e.g. through two EU‑funded projects in the IPR field, the ‘Intellectual Property Dialogue’ and the ‘Intellectual Property Working Group’ which the Commission has set up with the Chinese authorities.