the European Union ( 2005/2146(INI) ) Draftsman: Willem Schuth EXPLANATORY STATEMENT The increasingly open and international nature of agricultural markets will have a major structural impact on the farming industry and rural development in the European Union. Against this background, measures to protect, maintain the competitiveness of and strengthen on a sustainable basis the economic potential of rural areas must be a key Community objective in the context of the Lisbon Strategy. Through the reform of the CAP, the EU has taken an important step in the right direction. The reform will substantially improve the market integration of the farming industry. This will open up new opportunities for development, but these opportunities will bring with them risks for holdings and markets which fail to adjust quickly enough. At the same time, society is making ever greater demands on agriculture and food production. Parliament had to fight for a long time to secure codecision rights in the agricultural sphere. It is welcome that the draft Constitution should have taken over the provisions, in force since the Amsterdam Treaty was ratified, stipulating that codecision applies in the areas of environmental protection, food safety and consumer protection. Even today, the Council of Agriculture Ministers can disregard Parliament's opinion on agricultural policy matters. Against this background, although the draft Constitution offered the prospect of increased democratic legitimacy, in that all fundamental farm-policy decisions were to be subject to codecision, on many market-related, and therefore vital, issues it would have represented a backward step by comparison with the current situation - the Council was to take decisions on those issues with no Parliament involvement. The Common Agricultural Policy is a cornerstone of the European integration process. In view of the CAP's great significance, and given the huge share of EU budgetary spending for which it accounts, European citizens must be offered guarantees of the highest possible degree of transparency and consensual decision-making in this sensitive area. Full codecision on all issues relating to agricultural policy, consumer protection and food safety must be therefore be seen as fundamental to any future European institutional structure. This will also necessitate a fundamental redrawing of the objectives of the Common Agricultural Policy, however: Part III, Article III-123 is outdated and no longer serves a readily explainable purpose. Today, the EU farming industry provides employment for 10 million people. It represents the only guarantee for sustainable rural development and is