anniversary of the end of the Second World War on 8 May 1945. Parliament will vote tomorrow on a draft resolution of several political groups which highlights the importance of keeping the memories of the past alive, because there cannot be reconciliation without truth and remembrance. The draft emphasises at the same time that only a strong Europe can offer a means of overcoming the atrocities of the past. The draft resolution expresses respect for, and pays tribute to, all who fought against tyranny, and particularly those who became its victims. The draft resolution renews the Parliament's commitment to a peaceful and prosperous Europe founded on the values of respect for human dignity, freedom, democracy, equality, the rule of law and respect for human rights. It confirms its united stand against all totalitarian rule of whatever ideological persuasion. MEPs welcome this first opportunity to commemorate the anniversary with elected Members from all 25 EU countries as an expression of the ever closer union of our nations and citizens, who have overcome the divisions between aggressors and victims and between victors and defeated, an occasion to share and combine our remembrances on the way to a truly common European memory and an opportunity to prevent recurrences of nationalism and totalitarian rule. The draft resolution will welcome the fact that the Central and Eastern European states and peoples can now also enjoy freedom and the right to determine their destiny after so many decades under Soviet domination or occupation or other communist dictatorships. The draft resolution welcomes German unification and the fact that ten of the Central and Eastern European states have joined, or will soon join, the European Union. The draft resolution stresses that the process of European integration has helped to overcome almost all post-war dictatorships on the European continent, both in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and in Spain, Portugal and Greece. MEPs will declare that the process of European integration and the further development of the European Union as a model of peace are the result of a free decision by the people to determine their own destiny and commit themselves to a shared future. The Parliament will also declare that, under the Helsinki Agreements, no country has the right to decide on the destiny of another country. Finally, MEPs will call on all countries to open their archives pertaining to World War II. 20050824IPR01359 EN