whereas the derogations from the provisions of the directive, which are divided into three categories, each with different conditions, are extensive and often expressed in unclear terms, J. whereas confusion reigns in some countries with regard to the distinction between the permitted derogations from certain provisions and the total exclusion of certain situations from the directive's scope, K. whereas the policy of improving the quality of employment rests first and foremost on compliance with safety rules and health protection measures, L. whereas the directive applies to working relationships in both the public and the private sectors, M. having regard to the development of modern forms of atypical working relationships and other working patterns, N. having regard to the ILO's international labour conventions on working time, O. whereas some 'vulnerable' groups of worker, such as working mothers, minors, the disabled, etc. need additional health protection, P. whereas the derogations from certain provisions should under no circumstances lead to the deprivation of certain basic rights, Q. whereas the flexibility governing the provisions of the directive makes it easier to apply it to distinct particular circumstances, but at the same time creates considerable interpretation difficulties, R. whereas Community legislation rightly recognises collective labour agreements as a suitable means of implementing directives, on condition that equal results in application are guaranteed in comparison with legal implementation measures taken by the state, and that there are equal opportunities for legal review of correct application, S. whereas the reference to national legislation and practices, which is necessary in order to facilitate the exercise of certain rights, cannot be used as a pretext for failure to implement provisions of the directive; whereas, lastly, the completion of the internal market should lead to an improvement in the living and working conditions of workers in the European Community, a process that will be achieved through progress towards harmonisation of these conditions, and whereas such harmonisation will be secured not through the transposition of rules but through their effective implementation, 1. Welcomes the fact that new directives cover the areas excluded from the scope of the original directive; 2. Regrets the fact that some Member States, in order to avoid reporting the measures missing from full transposition of the directive, resort to the tactic of claiming that their existing legislation covers the provisions of the directive; 3. Regrets the fact that, although the relevant provisions are worded in such a