the Commission proposal to Parliament and the Council ( COM(2000) 815 OJ C 96E, 27.3.2001, p. 330. ), – having regard to Article 251(2) of the EC Treaty, – having regard to Rule 78 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the recommendation for second reading of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism ( A5‑0034/2003 ), 1. Approves the common position; 2. Notes that the act is adopted in accordance with the common position; 3. Instructs its President to sign the act with the President of the Council pursuant to Article 254(1) of the EC Treaty; 4. Instructs its Secretary-General duly to sign the act and, in agreement with the Secretary-General of the Council, to have it published in the Official Journal of the European Communities; 5. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council and Commission. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Introduction When this directive is adopted and in force in the different Member States, we will have made a clear step forward in the field of road safety in Europe: safety belts or restraint systems will have to be used when available and, more specifically, children (with a few exceptions) will always have to wear restraint systems or safety belts. For children who on a daily basis on their way to and from school are exposed to road traffic dangers, this is a major achievement since traffic fatalities are the main causes of death amongst children. This legislative proposal should be seen as a part of a more general not yet officially adopted action plan at EU level to bring down the number of road fatalities (45 000 per year in the whole EU) by 50% within 10 years. The rapporteur warmly supports this goal – and the long-awaited adoption of this action plan – and is aware of the very different situations in Member States. In some countries road safety awareness is already very high and more legislation is less essential. In others the political backing for road safety has been traditionally relatively weak and some pressure from the EU is more welcome. To illustrate the gap: road fatalities vary from 60 to 70 per million inhabitants per year in the best performing Member States (UK, Sweden, Netherlands) to around 200 per million inhabitants per year in the worst performing (Portugal, Greece, Spain). Wearing seat belts is one effective measure for reducing fatalities in