launch a comprehensive survey of demand satisfaction across the whole of the internal market, taking into account the physical capacity for exchanges within the system between areas that are in surplus and areas that are in deficit. On the basis of this comprehensive survey and the national reports referred to in paragraph 1 the Commission shall, on an annual basis, forward a Communication to the European Parliament and the Council examining issues relating to security of supply of gas in the Community, and in particular the existing and projected balance between demand and supply. Where appropriate, the Commission shall issue recommendations. Justification The objective is to complete the internal market for gas in the EU. Each Member State has a body with a supervisory function. In order to achieve a level playing field within Europe, procedures should be established which take account of national market aspects as well as ensuring the completion of the EU internal market. Close cooperation is therefore necessary between the Commission and national supervisory bodies. The secretariat of this committee or group must be provided by the European Commission. Amendment 6 Article 9, paragraph 1 1. Where the transmission system operator is part of a vertically integrated undertaking, it shall be independent at least in terms of its legal form, organisation and decision making from other activities not relating to transmission. This requirement imply or result in the requirement to separate the ownership of assets of the transmission network from the vertically integrated undertaking. 1. Where the transmission system operator is part of a vertically integrated undertaking, it shall be independent at least in terms of its legal form, organisation and decision making from other activities not relating to transmission. This requirement and the provisions of paragraph 2 shall not , however, create a legal obligation to separate the ownership of assets of the transmission network from the vertically integrated undertaking. Justification After legal unbundling, TSOs may well, for their own commercial and/or strategic reasons, opt for ownership unbundling. The wording should therefore merely state that legal unbundling does not imply a legal requirement on the TSO to carry out ownership unbundling. This amendment should be seen in conjunction with the amendment to paragraph 2 of this article. Amendment 7 Article 9, paragraph 2, sub-paragraph c (c) the transmission system operator shall have effective decision-making rights, independent from the integrated natural gas undertaking, with respect to