on the control of transboundary movements of wastes does not apply ( OJ L 316, 4.12.2007, p. 6 ) . 1 OJ L 316, 4.12.2007, p. 6. Justification This is not a substantive amendment, but serves purely to make the provision more comprehensible. The text which previously appeared in the footnote is placed in the body of the article. Amendment 48 Council position Article 10 – paragraph 3 Council position Amendment 3. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 20 laying down detailed rules supplementing those in paragraph 2 of this Article, in particular the criteria for the assessment of equivalent conditions. 3. The Commission shall , not later than …*, adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 20 laying down detailed rules supplementing those in paragraph 2 of this Article, in particular the criteria for the assessment of equivalent conditions. _______ * 18 months after the entry into force of this Directive. Justification Binding deadlines are required for the adoption of the implementing provisions in order to create the requisite legal certainty and enforcement certainty for public authorities and industry. The European Parliament’s position at first reading is reinstated. Amendment 49 Council position Article 11 – paragraph 1 Council position Amendment 1. Regarding all WEEE separately collected in accordance with Article 5 and sent for treatment in accordance with Articles 8, 9 and 10, Member States shall ensure that producers meet the minimum targets set out in Annex V. 1. Regarding all WEEE separately collected and sent for treatment in accordance with Articles 8, 9 and 10, Member States shall ensure that producers meet the following minimum targets as from …*: (a) for WEEE falling under categories 1 and 4 of Annex III , with the except ion of photovoltaic panels , – 85% shall be recovered, – 75% shall be recycled and – 5% shall be prepared for re - use; (b) for WEEE falling under category 2 of Annex III, – 80% shall be recovered, – 65% shall be recycled and – 5% shall be prepared for re - use; (c) for WEEE falling under category 3 of Annex III , with the except ion of gas discharge lamps , – 75% shall be recovered and – 50% shall be recycled; (d) for WEEE falling under category 5 of Annex III, – 75% shall be recovered, – 50% shall be recycled