subsidies, in order to increase LDCs share of global trade. The abolition of agricultural export subsidies, committed to in the WTO Doha Development round, should be implemented at the earliest possible date; 6. Considers that LDC- IV should be resulted-oriented, with clear targets and indicators, based in efficient and transparent monitoring and follow-up mechanisms; 7. Urges the necessity to put emphasis on the graduation from LDC category, and of using the outcome of September 2010's MDG summit as a framework to accelerate poverty eradication, create sustainable and inclusive economic growth, good governance, and capacity building; 8. Urges the EU to have a better coordinated approach in order to address and prevent the root causes of conflicts in LDCs, and support efforts to acquire the capacities to build peaceful and democratic states; 9. Urges the G20 to continue to address food price volatility and food security policy as a priority, and to contribute to further open market access for the LDCs; 10. Calls for the necessity to increase the capacity of LDCs to face climate change, encouraging the transfer of technologies, enhancing action in line with the Cancun Adaptation Framework as well as environmental sustainable policies in line with the Copenhagen Agreement; 11. Urges the EU and LDCs partners to improve cooperation mechanisms on good governance, democracy, human rights and gender equality; 12. Calls for the need to contribute to developing countries with more efficient tax systems, and good governance in tax matters; is of the view that EU assistance for tax reform should be geared towards investigating ways in which LDCs countries can broaden tax base and tax revenue stream; 13. Underlines the need to enhance aid effectiveness for development, in line with the Paris Declaration and Accra Agenda; 14. Taking into consideration the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon and the decision approved by the Council in May 2005, calls for the necessity for following coherent policy encompassing the areas of trade and development cooperation, climate change, transport, energy, food security, migrations as well as its common agricultural and fisheries policies; 15. Calls for its President to forward this resolution to the Council and the Commission.