other elements present (mineralisation), as measured by test methods listed in Annex III, and new microbial cellular constituents (biomass). 9) "Placing on the market" means introducing onto the Community market, thereby making available to third parties, whether in exchange for payment or not. Import into the Community customs territory shall be deemed to be placing on the market. 10) "Manufacturer" means the natural or legal person responsible for placing a detergent or a surfactant for a detergent on the market; in particular, a producer, an importer, a packager working for his own account, or any person changing the characteristics of a detergent or of a surfactant for a detergent, or creating or changing the labelling thereof, shall be deemed to be a manufacturer. A distributor who does not change the characteristics, labelling or packaging of a detergent, or of a surfactant for a detergent, shall not be deemed to be a manufacturer, except where he acts as an importer. 11) "Medical personnel" means a registered medical practitioner, or a person working under the direction of a registered medical practitioner, acting to provide patient care, make a diagnosis or administer treatment, and who is bound by professional confidentiality. 12) "Industrial and institutional detergent" means a detergent for washing and cleaning outside the domestic sphere, carried out by specialised personnel using specific products. Article 3 The placing on the market 1. When placed on the market, detergents and surfactants for detergents referred to in Article 1 shall conform with the conditions, characteristics and limits laid down in this Regulation and its Annexes and, where relevant, with Directive 98/8/EC and with any other relevant Community legislation. Surfactants that are also active substances within the meaning of Directive 98/8/EC and that are used as disinfectants are exempt from the provisions of Annexes II, III, IV and VIII of this Regulation provided: a) they are listed in Annex I or IA of Directive 98/8/EC, or b) they are constituents of biocidal products authorised under Article 15(1) or 15(2) of Directive 98/8/EC, or c) they are constituents of biocidal products allowed under the transitional measures or subject to the 10 year work programme provided for in Article 16 of Directive 98/8/EC. Instead, such surfactants are deemed to be disinfectants and the detergents of which they are ingredients are subject to the labelling provisions for disinfectants of Annex VII A. 2. Manufacturers of detergents and/or of surfactants