Answer given by Mr Špidla on behalf of the Commission (9 August 2007) 1. As regards child labour, the Commission recalls that working conditions of workers under the age of 18 are covered by Directive 94/33/EC on the protection of young people at work Council Directive 94/33/EC of 22 June 1994 on the protection of young people at work, OJ L 216, 20.8.1994. . The directive in principle requires Member States to prohibit work by children. However, derogations from this prohibition on child work may be admitted under certain circumstances. With regard to these derogations, the directive aims to ensure that employers guarantee that young people have working conditions which suit their age, that work by adolescents is regulated and protected, and that young people are protected against economic exploitation and against any work likely to harm their safety, health and development or to jeopardise their education. The Commission launched a study in 2006 to provide an overview and assessment of the situation relating to child labour and the protection of young people at work in the European Union as a complement to the Commission's monitoring of the implementation of Directive 94/33/EC on the protection of young people at work. The results of the study are expected by the end of 2007. 2. More in general, illegal child labour is often linked to poverty. Thus, the March 2006 European Council invited Member States to ‘make a decisive impact on the reduction of poverty and social exclusion by 2010 and to focus on target groups such as children in poverty’. On this basis, the Commission and the Member States have decided to tackle the issue of social exclusion of children within the framework of the Open Method of Coordination (OMC) on social protection and social inclusion. A task-force of the Indicators Sub-Group of the Social Protection Committee has begun work in order to analyse the determinants of child poverty and propose a common framework for monitoring child poverty and well-being in the EU. The report of the task-force is expected to be finalised in the autumn. Furthermore, a peer review on child poverty will take place in October 2007. The results of these initiatives will feed into the preparation of the 2008 Joint Report on Social Protection and Social Inclusion. The initial results of the task-force show that children are often at greater risk of poverty than the overall population (19