(Mikalay Autukhovich); 9. Regrets the decision of the Belarusian authorities to terminate the mission of the OSCE Office in Belarus and calls on the Belarusian authorities to withdraw this decision immediately and reopen the office; 10. Condemns the blockage of a number of major Internet websites, including networking channels and opposition websites, on Election Day in Belarus; underlines that current media legislation in Belarus does not comply with international standards and therefore calls on the Belarusian authorities to revise and amend it; 11. Calls on the Council, the Commission and the EU High Representative to review EU policy towards Belarus including economic relations ; underlines that the orientation of the ENP and national assistance for Belarus should be redirected in order to ensure the appropriate support for the civil society; reiterates the importance of the effective use of the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights; 12. In this context calls on the Council, the Commission and the EU High Representative and Member States to support democracy in Belarus by a significant increase of financial aid for independent media (including TV Belsat, European Radio for Belarus, Radio Racyja and others) and civil society organisations, to increase the number of scholarships for Belarusian students, repressed for their civic activities and expelled from universities, and to contribute to the ‘Solidarity with Belarus’ donors’ conference in Warsaw (2/02/2010) and following the conference in Vilnius; 13. Strongly urges the Commission to continue and increase financial aid to the European Humanities University (EHU) based in Vilnius, Lithuania, which is ready to accept students expelled from Belarusian universities following the violent crackdown after the presidential elections on 19-20 December 2010 in Belarus ; 14. Calls on the EC to develop a mechanism of registration of NGOs that are denied registration in Belarus for political reasons, in order to enable them to benefit from EC programmes. Due to the need for strengthening the civil society in Belarus, the Belarusian NGOs’ participation in the Eastern Partnership Civil Society Forum should be continued; 15. Calls on the European Commission to halt the ongoing cooperation and to withdraw its assistance provided to the state-owned media in Belarus; 16. Encourages the European Commission to take an initiative to analyse the possibilities for establishing a special support mechanism for effective and direct financial and technical assistance for civil society, independent media and political organisations in Belarus; 17. Calls on the Council, the