of the Court of Auditors, but also that they are coherent with the provisions of these two other regulations. Probably the most important quality of a control system that applies to 27 Member States is that everybody be treated equally, that all those involved in the chain of production - fishermen, processers, buyers and others - feel that they are not discriminated against and carry their share of responsibility. The so-called "level playing field" must be created across the entire Community and along the entire chain of custody. The proposal includes a number of aspects that would move quite some distance in this direction, which should be welcomed. The Community Fisheries Control Agency has a particularly important role to play in this regard, given its Community nature and mandate for impartiality. As a general remark, since the control regime in the EU is becoming more complex, the Commission must ensure that all of the rules are practical, applicable and efficient. A series of "test cases" should be examined using concrete case studies based on actual examples of control situations to test the efficacy of the proposed measures. This should be done before the control regulation is adopted by Council and should guide the Commission when it proposes the implementing regulations that all three parts of the control system require. Such an exercise could highlight potential difficulties and help resolve them before these pieces of legislation are adopted. Much of the proposal comprises measures that have been in the regulation for years, but certain new elements merit consideration. Recreational Fishing - This has exploded in the media and dominates all discussion on the proposal. What the Commission is proposing is not clear from the text. What is clear is that, in certain instances, recreational fisheries can be large and have significant impact on fish stocks. For example, according to data from the Member States, French sport fishermen catch 5.000 mt of sea bass, German recreational catches amount to up to 5.200 mt of cod in the Baltic Sea. Recreational catches of bluefin tuna are so serious that the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tuna (ICCAT) has adopted management measures to control them. Is it fair to commercial fishermen to continue to allow recreational fishermen to fish with no controls whatsoever? An amendment is proposed here that would limit the scope of the regulation to non-commercial fishing conducted from boats