of transfer to such other activity. 1. Where an infrastructure manager receiving any aid granted under this Regulation is not only engaged in the subsidised activity but also in another economic activity, the funds provided shall be kept in separate accounts and shall be managed without any possibility of transfer to such other activity. Amendments 31 and 42 Article 6, paragraph 1 1. Aid, granted for the management, maintenance or provision of inland transport infrastructure other than terminals for combined transport, inland waterway or road operations shall not be required to be notified in accordance with Article 88(3) EC Treaty where the following conditions are satisfied: 1. Aid, granted for the management, maintenance , realisation or provision of inland transport infrastructure need not be notified in accordance with Article 88(3) of the Treaty where the access to the infrastructure is open on non-discriminatory terms to all potential users in accordance with the relevant legal framework. (a) the infrastructure forms an integral part of a network which has the same manager as the infrastructure concerned and access to which is open on non-discriminatory terms to any person or undertaking wishing to use it, (b) the capacity of the infrastructure is not wholly or partly reserved for the use of one or more transport undertakings. Amendment 33 Article 6, paragraph 2 2. Unimodal railway terminals and stations are considered to form an integral part of the railway network. 2. Unimodal railway terminals and stations are considered to form an integral part of the railway network although the manager of the terminals and stations need not be the same as the manager of the network. Regional railways and subnetworks shall be deemed to be networks within the meaning of this Regulation. Amendment 34 Article 6, paragraph 2 a (new) 2a. Aid granted for the management, maintenance, realisation or provision of inland transport infrastructure need not be notified in accordance with Article 88(3) of the Treaty if it does not exceed EUR 100 000 over a three-year period. Amendment 35 Article 6, paragraph 2 b (new) 2b. Aid granted for terminals for combined transport which belong to the trans-European Rail Freight Network, or which are located at one of its ends, need not be notified in accordance with Article 88(3) of the Treaty. Amendment 36 Article 10, paragraph 1 1. Aid measures, which by virtue of Article 5 of Regulation No 1107/70, as amended,