Reply (17 December 2010) A common EU statement was delivered by the EU delegation at the first meeting of the State Parties to the CCM in Vientiane. The EU was among the first speakers to take the floor. The EU delegation was led by the Council's Director for Non-proliferation and Disarmament, Ms Annalisa Giannella. Many EU Member States, including some which had not yet ratified the CCM, attended this meeting. The discussions on the signing/ratifying of the CCM within the relevant Council Working Group (CODUN) are ongoing. These discussions could prove helpful in advancing some arguments — this was notably the case when the EU started to discuss landmines in 1994 while launching its first Joint Action. Today, 46 States have already ratified the Convention on Cluster Munitions, while 108 States have signed it. This is tremendous progress in a very short period of time. Full compliance with the obligations of the Convention on Cluster Munitions will be a huge challenge for many States, some of which are already stressing difficulties in complying with the deadlines for destruction set by the Convention. The challenges are worldwide, but particularly in countries where aid development may be hampered by a lack of action in the field of cluster munitions. The EU is aware of the complexity of the tasks involved, and stands ready to provide assistance to States in their efforts to implement their national plans effectively, to comply with the Convention and to ensure synergies with other equally relevant international instruments. In this context, the Council bodies could consider a possible Council Decision to support awareness and universalisation of the Convention on Cluster Munitions. The EU could also consider extending cooperation to countries severely contaminated with cluster munitions in order to allay their concerns about the deadline for destruction. Since some EU Member States as well as some other States, including major military powers, are not yet in a position to join the CCM even though they share the underlying humanitarian concerns, the EU continues to support the conclusion of a new Protocol to the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons that would allow those countries which do not consider themselves at this stage in a position to ratify the Convention on Cluster Munitions to take a first step in this direction. The adoption of a meaningful protocol on cluster munitions in the CCW framework, complementary to and compatible with the CCM,