shall be followed by a debate of at least 30 minutes in which Members may put brief and concise questions. Rule 112 Statements by the Court of Auditors 1. In the context of the discharge procedure or of Parliament's activities in the sphere of budgetary control, the President of the Court of Auditors may be invited to take the floor in order to present the comments contained in the Annual Report, special reports or opinions of the Court, or in order to explain the Court's work programme. 2. Parliament may decide to hold a separate debate on any questions raised in such statements with the participation of the Commission and Council, in particular when irregularities in financial management have been reported. Rule 113 Statements by the European Central Bank 1. The President of the European Central Bank shall present to Parliament the Bank's Annual Report on the activities of the European System of Central Banks and on the monetary policy of both the previous and the current year. 2. This presentation shall be followed by a general debate. 3. The President of the European Central Bank shall be invited to attend meetings of the committee responsible at least four times a year in order to make a statement and to answer questions. 4. If they or Parliament so request, the President, Vice-President and other Members of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank shall be invited to attend additional meetings. 5. A verbatim report of the proceedings under paragraphs 3 and 4 shall be drawn up in the official languages. Rule 114 Recommendation on the broad guidelines of economic policies 1. The recommendation from the Commission on the broad guidelines of the economic policies of the Member States and the Union shall be presented to the committee responsible which shall submit a report to Parliament. 2. The Council shall be invited to inform Parliament of the content of its recommendation, and of the position taken by the European Council. CHAPTER 3 PARLIAMENTARY QUESTIONS Rule 115 Questions for oral answer with debate 1. Questions may be put to the Council or the Commission by a committee, a political group or at least 40 Members with a request that they be placed on the agenda of Parliament. Such questions shall be submitted in writing to the President who shall immediately refer them to the Conference of Presidents. The Conference of Presidents