WRITTEN QUESTION E-0127/09 by Urszula Gacek (PPE‑DE) to the Commission (20 January 2009) Subject: Application for the registration of a geographical indication for śliwka szydłowska (Szydłów prune) Szydłów prunes are produced in an area coming within the boundaries of the municipality of Szydłów, which is located in the county (‘powiat’) of Staszów in the Świętokrzyska region. The production, drying and smoking of plums in Szydłów dates back to at least the pre-war years. With a view to establishing the product's history, a survey was conducted in January and February 2007 among the inhabitants of the municipality of Szydłów. The respondents were aged between 48 and 87 and had lived in the municipality for between 32 and 87 years. They were asked when they had first become aware of the fact that prunes were produced in the municipality. According to the responses, local prune production dates back 77 years. Szydłów prunes are so closely associated with Szydłów that special promotional events are held in the municipality. The 2006 Szydłów Plum Fair was already the ninth of its kind. One of the fair's attractions is a demonstration of the traditional method used to produce Szydłów prunes, in which the plums are dried on special sets of rods. An application for the registration of a designation of origin in respect of the agricultural product śliwka szydłowska (Szydłów prune) has been submitted to the Commission in accordance with a decision of 17 January 2007 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development adopted pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) No 510/2006 of 20 March 2006 on the protection of geographical indications and designations of origin for agricultural products and foodstuffs OJ L 93, 31.3.2006, p. 12 . . The award of a protected geographical indication will make this product more competitive and will help to protect the traditions and cultural heritage of the Świętokrzyska region. Given the above, would the Commission state: — when a final decision will be taken on Szydłów prunes? — what stage has been reached in the processing of the above application?