Joint answer given by Mr Mandelson on behalf of the Commission Written questions : E-3612/06 , E-3613/06 (19 October 2006) The reasons for the exclusion of children's shoes and STAF (Special Technology Athletic Footwear) from the provisional anti-dumping measures have been explained in detail in the relevant Commission Regulation (Commission Regulation (EC) No 553/06). All parties concerned have been invited to comment on this provisional determination. The current proposal for definitive measures has been adopted by the Commission and was transmitted to the Council on 5 September 2006 COM(2006)472 final. . This proposal reintroduces children's shoes in the scope of the measures while it is still proposed to exclude STAF from these definitive measures. There were no compelling reasons to definitively exclude children's shoes from the scope of measures on the grounds of Community interest, as any price increase for end consumers, if at all, is expected to be minimal. As far as STAF shoes are concerned, a clear dividing line between STAF shoes and other types of footwear could be established. In the absence of any production within the Community, the decision to exclude STAF shoes from the definitive measures has been maintained in the current proposal. The argument has been made that the import of cheap shoes could be harmful to the health of the consumer. However, the purpose of anti-dumping measures is solely to redress injury to the Community industry caused by unfair trade practices. On the form of the measures, originally a proposal based on a ‘deferred duty system’ (i.e. 140 million pairs from China and 95 million pairs from Vietnam that would not have been subject to measures) has been disclosed to all parties for comments. But this original proposal did not find sufficient support from Member States and was finally abandoned. The current proposal takes the form of a classical ad valorem duty. It is calculated in a way to take into account the existence of import quotas up to the beginning of 2005. On this basis, and reflecting the finding of both dumping and injury to Community producers, the Commission has established its current proposal of a duty of 16.5 % and 10 % respectively for certain leather shoes originating in China and Vietnam. The proposal was adopted by the Council on 5 October 2006 and the definitive measures were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 6 October 2006.