researched but argued that "we shouldn't wait for such a link to be found" , saying in essence that the "precautionary principle" must be applied. Salter GREEN of WWF emphasised that REACH must protect "the most vulnerable sector of society", the unborn foetus, given that unborn babies are sensitive to dangerous chemicals in parts per trillion. She concluded that it is possible to ensure proper protection "without putting the chemical industry out of business" . 19.01.2005 Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety In the chair: Karl-Heinz FLORENZ (EPP-ED, DE) Committee on Industry, Research and Energy In the chair: Giles CHICHESTER (EPP-ED, UK) Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection In the chair: Phillip WHITEHEAD (PES, UK) Press enquiries: Leena Maria Linnus - tel. (32-2) 28 42825, e-mail: envi-press@europarl.eu.int Constanze Beckerhoff - tel. (32-2) 28 44302, e-mail: itre-press@europarl.eu.int Cezary Lewanowicz - tel. (32-2) 28 44659, e-mail: imco-press@europarl.eu.int Goncalo Macedo- tel. (32-2) 28 4136, e-mail: GMacedo@europarl.eu.int MEPs question action plan for environment and health Environmental pollution has a disastrous impact on human health and directly causes an increasing number of deaths and health disorders. To tackle this situation, the European Commission has drawn up an action plan for the period 2004-2010. But MEPs believe the Commission's proposals do not go nearly far enough. This is the conclusion of a draft resolution drawn up by Frédérique RIES (ALDE, BE) and adopted on Thursday by Parliament's Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety by 49 votes to 2, with one abstention. MEPs were taking a fresh opportunity to state their views on the action plan, which is to constitute the first cycle (2004-2010) of the strategy for the environment and health (SCALE) set in place by the Commission in June 2003. MEPs held a plenary debate on the draft plan in March 2004. While they welcome the Commission's plan, MEPs believe that a whole range of practical measures (for children and other vulnerable groups) are missing from it. Frédérique Ries thinks the Commission has brought forth a programme to assess the impact of the environment on health rather than a true action plan. Its main defect is the absence of the precautionary principle. If this principle were applied, action could be taken upstream to eliminate gradually the use of substances which are dangerous for health (such as phthalates, heavy metals, chlorinated solvents and pesticides). MEPs feel the Commission has