P5_TA(2000)0580 European digital content and linguistic diversity * A5-0390/2000 Proposal for a Council decision adopting a Multiannual Community programme to stimulate the development and use of European digital content on the global networks and to promote linguistic diversity in the Information Society ( COM(2000) 323 - C5-0462/2000 - 2000/0128(CNS) ) The proposal was amended as follows: Text proposed by the Commission OJ C 337 E, 28.11.2000, p. 31. Amendments by Parliament (Amendment 1) Recital 1 (1) The evolution towards an Information Society will influence the life of almost every citizen in the European Union. (1) The evolution towards an Information and knowledge Society should influence the life of every citizen in the European Union by, inter alia, affording new means of gaining access to knowledge and new ways of acquiring knowledge . (Amendment 2) Recital 1a (new) (1a) The Lisbon Summit stressed the need to bridge the digital divide in the emerging Information Society and to strengthen social cohesion. (Amendment 3) Recital 2 (2) Digital content plays a predominant role in this evolution, substantially contributing to economic growth and employment, and enhancing the professional, social and cultural development of the citizens of Europe. (2) Digital content plays a predominant role in this evolution. 4 million Europeans are currently employed in the e-content sector. Content production has given rise to rapid job creation in recent years and continues to do so. Most of these jobs are created in small emerging companies. This will radically change the conditions of access to, and acquisition of, knowledge, and thus constitutes an essential asset for economic growth , enterprise and employment, and for enhancing the professional, social and cultural development and the creativity and innovative capacity of the citizens of Europe both now and in the future. (Amendment 4) Recital 2a (new) (2a) The economic and social potential of the development of digital content extends to the culture, education, training and leisure sectors. (Amendment 5) Recital 3 (3) The structures and business environment of the content industries are changing fast. (3) The structures, legal framework and business environment of the content industries are changing and developing fast. (Amendment 6) Recital 3a (new) (3a) Respect for intellectual property and labelling of works are preconditions for increased distribution and exploitation of digital content on global networks. (Amendment 7) Recital 3b (new) (3b) The Commission should promote mechanisms for supporting the European content industry for the Internet, the