Calls on the Commission to present to Parliament without delay the strategic lines of action, as well as the advice received on the principles and mechanisms of implementation, the specific proposals concerning participation, types of contracts and financing instruments for research activities within the ESRP, and the necessary arrangements on intellectual property and technology transfer worked out together with the ESRAB; 32. Invites the Commissioner responsible to report both to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy before implementation of the ESRP. 33. Insists on the need for a more coherent political and institutional framework to promote cooperation and efficient coordination between the ESRP, the new European Defence Agency (EDA) and the Union's relevant policies relating to security and defence issues; 34. Considers that the details and parameters of the new EDA activities, especially regarding security research activities and its working relations with the ESRP, should be more precisely defined; 35. Calls on the Council and the Commission to ensure an efficient and effective relationship between the ESRP and the EDA, so as to avoid any kind of duplication in the field of research and technology; 36. Calls on the Commission to take account of the notion of the "public interest" of security research, both for the European Union and the Member States, in order to avoid the risk of funding projects which are not in line with political priorities or with certain public interest or privacy protection obligations, or with the protection of human rights, civil liberties and private life; points out that transparency in the allocation of contracts is of the utmost importance; 37. Calls for optimisation of the potential synergies between defence and civil research, through integration of applications and technology transfer across both sectors; at the same time calls for a clearer definition of the specific instruments that could help tackle the particular problems of security-related research; Management of the European Security Research Programme 38. Considers that, in order to guarantee effective management of the ESRP, experience acquired with regard to funding mechanisms, methods and institutional settings during the preparatory action should play a key role; 39. Insists that the management of the ESRP should emphasise the added value of interoperability and connectivity so as to improve cross-border cooperation, avoid unnecessary duplication and improve the coherence of the Union's efforts; 40. Vehemently advocates the development of strong common research and