ranges: – 10% or more, – 1% or over, but less than 10%, – 0,1% or over, but less than 1%, – less than 0,1 %. Impurities shall not be considered to be ingredients. The common chemical name or IUPAC International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry. name, the CAS number, and, where available, the INCI International Nomenclature Cosmetic Ingredient. name, and the European Pharmacopoeia name, shall be given for each ingredient. D. Publication of list of ingredients Manufacturers shall make available on a website the ingredient datasheet mentioned above except for the following information: - weight percentage ranges - constituents of perfumes and essential oils, - constituents of colouring agents. This obligation shall not apply to industrial or institutional detergents containing surfactants, or to surfactants for industrial or institutional detergents, for which a technical data sheet or safety data sheet is available. ANNEX VIII Test methods and analytical methods The following test and analytical methods apply to control procedures for detergents on the market carried out by Member States: 1. Reference method (confirmatory test) 1.1. Definition This method describes a laboratory model of the activated sludge + secondary settler which is designed to simulate municipal sewage treatment. The conditions described are those from the Directives that preceded this Regulation. Improved state-of-the-art operating conditions can be applied to this test method as described in EN ISO 11733. 1.2. Equipment needed for measurement The method of measurement employs the small-activated sludge plant shown in Figure 1, and in greater detail in Figure 2. The equipment consists of a sewage vessel A for synthetic sewage, dosing pump B, aeration vessel C, settling vessel D, air-lift pump E to recycle the activated sludge, and vessel F for collecting the treated effluent. Vessels A and F must be of glass or suitable plastic and hold at least twenty-four litres. Pump B must provide a constant flow of synthetic sewage to the aeration vessel; this vessel, during normal operation, contains three litres of mixed liquor. A sintered aeration cube G is suspended in the vessel C at the apex of the cone. The quantity of air blown through the aerator shall be monitored by means of a flow meter H. 1.3. Synthetic sewage A synthetic sewage is employed for the test. Dissolve in each litre of tap water: – 160 mg peptone; – 110 mg meat extract; – 30 mg urea, CO(NH 2 ) 2