emissions, smart administration, better access to finance for SMEs and faster innovation. The Commission has presented five new draft regulations for the reform of cohesion policy for the period 2007-2013 and these are set to be adopted by the Parliament and the Council later this year. There is a general regulation laying down a common set of rules for all instruments, together with specific regulations for the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), the European Social Fund (ESF) and the Cohesion Fund. In addition, a new regulation is proposed to provide an optional framework for Member States and regions to set up authorities for cross-border co-operation (EGCC). Cohesion Policy in an enlarged EU - No to a renationalisation Ms Marjorie JOUEN from Notre Europe presented the conclusions of an external study on the adaptation of Cohesion Policy to the enlarged Europe and the Lisbon and Gothenberg Objectives after 2007. "Enlargement has meant that regional disparities have increased two-fold and made the peripheral regions of the Union even more distant". Ms Jouen spoke out strongly against any renationalisation of cohesion policy, saying "such a policy would not support solidarity." EU budget is relatively small - no simple answers "No part of the patient needs to be amputated." This was the metaphor used by Professor Pascual FERNÁNDEZ of the Universidad Autónoma of Madrid in referring to the size of the EU budget. The aim, he said, should not be to cut funding for Cohesion Policy but rather to increase it, given the sharp cut-off for the former Cohesion countries of Spain, Portugal Greece and Ireland and the arrival of the new Member States. "Maintaining the 1.24% ceiling would be essential if the EU wanted to continue making progress towards the Lisbon goals." There was in real terms, he said, a 4.5 per cent reduction in the part of the EU budget spent on Cohesion Policy between the present financial perspective (2000-2006) and the next one (2007-2013). Professor Fernández also pointed out that the trade balances of the net contributors with the less well-off Member States far outweighed their contributions to the EU's budget. Commissioner Hübner too stressed the importance of maintaining the necessary funds. In response to questions from Ritta MYLLER (PES, FI) and Rolf BEREND (EPP-ED, DE) she said some Member States wanted to see a reduction in cohesion funds across the board. She continued "We cannot divide the Union into net