of children surviving road accidents (95%) than the rest of Europe (60-70%). Studies have shown that survival rates for children up to the age of 4 increase significantly when they are in backward-facing child car seats. To improve safety for this group of children, who have no influence on their own road safety, the EU should show that it is taking children’s safety seriously and make an effort to ensure that backward-facing child car seats are required for children up to the ages of 3 or 4. Whiplash injuries which occur as a result of road accidents are hard to diagnose and hard to treat. Consumer tests influence the speed with which whiplash protection is introduced and the motor industry is adapting gradually. To increase the speed with which it does so, the Commission and the Member States should make an effort to ensure that EuroNCAP includes whiplash protection in its tests. Active systems such as driver support (e.g. alcohol interlocks) and lane departure warning systems are also among the new systems which should be included in EuroNCAP's tests. We have seen innumerable campaigns aimed at increasing road safety awareness among road users in the EU. This is good, but it is important to inculcate road safety awareness well before the age at which the driving test is taken. Schools should provide more road safety teaching, preferably in cooperation with the police. One important measure which the Commission should investigate is the creation of a common minimum standard, with a test and certification, for driving instructors. Young drivers, particularly young men, are a group with a very high accident risk. A long course to prepare for the driving test reduces the risk of accidents by up to 30% for young drivers. In Sweden, for example, driving practice is permitted from the age of 16, two years before the age for obtaining a driving licence. Exhaustion and tiredness are often a major contributory factor in road accidents. The significance of this problem, and how to tackle it, ought to be studied in greater depth. In this connection the Commission, in cooperation with the European Road Safety Agency, should create a system for investigating road accidents. This would on the one hand make it easier to carry out comparisons between the Member States, and on the other hand facilitate preventive work. Vehicles which have been involved in road accidents should also be