and budget efficiency. This should allow one third of additional staffing needs for new tasks to be covered through internal redeployment by the Agency. (3) Based on the findings of the external evaluation, the recommendations by the Administrative Board and the multi-annual strategy it adopted in March 2010 , some provisions of Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 should be clarified and updated. While focusing on its priority tasks in the area of maritime safety, the Agency should also receive a number of additional tasks reflecting the development of the maritime safety policy at EU and international level. Given the budget constraints facing the Union, considerable screening and redeployment efforts are necessary to guarantee cost and budget efficiency and to avoid any overlapping . Staffing needs for the new tasks should be covered as far as possible through internal redeployment by the Agency. Amendment 5 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 3 a (new) (3a) This redeployment needs to be coordinated with agencies in the Member States. Amendment 6 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 3 b (new) (3b) The Agency has already demonstrated that certain tasks, such as satellite monitoring systems, can be more efficiently undertaken at the European level. Where these systems can be applied to support other policy objectives, this offers Member States savings on their national budgets and represents genuine European added value. Amendment 7 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 3 c (new) (3c) In order to fulfil properly the new tasks entrusted to the Agency under this Regulation, an increase – albeit a limited one - in its resources is needed. This will require special attention is during the budgetary procedure. Amendment 8 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 4 a (new) (4a) Appointments to the Administrative Board should take full account of the importance of ensuring balanced gender representation. The election of the Chair and Vice Chair should also pursue this objective as should the choice of representatives from third countries. Amendment 9 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Recital 5 (5) The Agency should act in the interest of the Union. This should include that the Agency may act outside the territory of the EU in its fields of competence. (5) The Agency should act in the interest of the Union and follow Commission guidelines. This should include that the Agency may act outside the