of flights, so that they can effectively exercise their rights. Where a flight has been overbooked, the available places shall be allocated under a transparent procedure according to uniform criteria. Justification The allocation of available places in the event of overbooking is not always done transparently and is therefore difficult for customers to understand. It is therefore necessary to decide according to uniform criteria which passengers should board the flight and which passengers should not. Amendment 5 Recital 13 a (new) (13a) Passengers travelling on all modes of transport should be treated equally and distortion of competition should be avoided among different modes of transport. Similar rules shall be enacted for rail, ferry, bus and coach transportation. Justification It is important that passengers travelling on all modes enjoy equal treatment and equal rights to compensation. For example, it would be irrational, unfair and a distortion of competition to compensate for denied boarding or a long delay in the case of a plane journey between two European cities whilst not offering compensation in similar circumstances for a high speed train journey between the same two cities. Amendment 6 Article 1, point (b) (b) their flight is cancelled, except for reasons beyond the responsibility of an air carrier or that of its subcontracting agent; (b) their flight is cancelled, except for reasons beyond the responsibility of an air carrier or that of its subcontracting agent and except if this is due to force majeure; Justification This clarification should appear prominently at the beginning of the legislative text. Amendment 7 Article 2, point (h) (h) ‘final destination’ means the destination on the ticket presented at the check-in counter or, in the case of directly connecting flights, the destination of the last flight . (h) ‘final destination’ means the destination on the ticket presented at the check-in counter or, in the case of successive flights, on the last flight coupon of the ticket . Connecting flights which can be carried out without difficulties although a delay has been caused by denied boarding are not taken into account. Justification The definition of ‘final destination’ in Regulation 295/91 has not led to any problems and it is unclear why the Commission wishes to modify it now. When the Commission proposed the same revision in 1998 it kept the definition unchanged. Amendment 8 Article 2, point (h a) (new) (ha) ‘force majeure’, i.e. unusual and unforeseeable circumstances