official statement by the State Duma delegation on its visit to Tallinn, calling on the Estonian Government to resign, G. whereas the Estonian Prime Minister has declared that these events constitute ‘a well‑coordinated and flagrant intervention into the internal affairs of Estonia’, H. whereas immediately after the riots in Tallinn the normal functioning of the Estonian Embassy in Moscow was blocked for seven days by hostile demonstrators from the Russian pro-government youth organisation ‘Nashi’, which resulted in physical attacks against the Estonian and Swedish Ambassadors, threats to demolish the embassy building, tearing down the Estonian flag on embassy territory, and labelling Estonia as a ‘fascist’ country, I. whereas systematic cyber-attacks have been organised, mostly from outside Estonia, in an attempt to block official communication lines and the websites of Estonian government institutions and the office of the President, and whereas intensive propaganda attacks have continued via internet and mobile telephone messages calling for armed resistance and further violence, J. whereas only a few days after the Tallinn events, wide-scale restrictions on Estonian exports to Russia have been introduced, with Russian companies suspending contracts with Estonian firms and Estonia’s energy supplies being threatened, K. whereas the Russian authorities, including the State Duma delegation, have unfortunately refused to enter into dialogue with the Estonian authorities and declined even to participate in a joint press conference at the Foreign Ministry, L. whereas Metropolitan Kornelius of the Russian Orthodox Church in Estonia has stated that there are no grounds for intercommunal conflict and that he sees no reason to present the riots as a conflict between Estonian-language and Russian-language communities, M. whereas only a tiny part of the ethnic Russian population participated in the demonstrations and looting, the considerable number of policemen of Russian background performed their duty with excellence, and 85 % of all those questioned approved the conduct of the Estonian Government, N. whereas Estonia, as an independent Member State of the EU and NATO, has the sovereign right to assess its recent tragic past, starting with the loss of independence as a result of the Hitler-Stalin Pact of 1939 and including three years under Hitler’s occupation and terror, as well as 48 years under Soviet occupation and terror, O. whereas the Soviet occupation of the Baltic States was never recognised as legal by the Western democracies, P. whereas the European Parliament, in its resolution of 12 May 2005, concluded that ‘for