WRITTEN QUESTION E-0831/10 by Stavros Lambrinidis (S&D) , Kriton Arsenis (S&D) and Spyros Danellis (S&D) to the Commission (22 February 2010) Subject: Installation of body scanners in European airports The recent terrorist attempt on an aircraft has once more raised the question of installing body scanners in European airports. Certain Member States, such as the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, have unilaterally declared that this pilot measure is to be implemented in a number of selected airports, while Germany has expressed reservations. In its resolution of 23 October 2008, the European Parliament rejected by a large majority a Commission proposal calling for the installation of body scanners in airports. In response to this resolution, the Commission initiated investigations into the implications of these devices regarding the health and fundamental rights of passengers. In view of this: 1. Does the Commission expressly undertake not to table a fresh proposal for the introduction at European level of body scanners at least until (a) investigations have been completed regarding their implications in terms of health, cost and respect for individual privacy, (b) the technology has been judged indispensable, proportional and effective and (c) prior consultations have been carried out with the EDPS under the provisions of Article 28(2) of Regulation EC No 45/2001 OJ L 8, 12.1.2001, p. 1. of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 December 2000 and (d) the European Parliament has been informed? 2. Has it come to the conclusion on the basis of scientific evidence — and in the light of foreign press articles — that the terrorist attempt in Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 would have been identified by a body scanner and that the substances being transported would not have been detectable by scanners currently in use? 3. In the light of its own investigations, does it agree that those Member States which have already installed body scanners at airports have failed to take full account of the potentially alarming implications thereof in terms of health and fundamental rights? 4. Can it confirm that Commission Regulation (EC) No 272/2009 OJ L 91, 3.4.2009, p. 7. of 2 April 2009 supplementing the common basic standards on civil aviation security, in particular Recital 6, Article 1 and Annex A thereof, do not in any way open the door to the possible use of controversial body scanner technology?