and treats WEEE in compliance with the technical requirements set out in Annex VIII. 3. Member States shall ensure that producers or third parties acting on their behalf set up systems to provide for the recovery of WEEE using best available techniques. The systems may be set up by producers individually or collectively. Member States shall ensure that any establishment or undertaking carrying out collection or treatment operations stores and treats WEEE in compliance with the technical requirements set out in Annex VIII. Justification Best available techniques are always relevant and should be supported in order to improve recycling and create incentives for innovation in collection and treatment. The restrictive phrase in the Council’s text could distort competition in the Union, owing to the differences in costs. Amendment 44 Council position Article 8 – paragraph 4 – subparagraph 1 Council position Amendment 4. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 20 concerning the amendment of Annex VII in order to introduce other treatment technologies that ensure at least the same level of protection for human health and the environment and, if necessary, to specify, within the treatment process, the steps where removal of substances, mixtures and components should take place . 4. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 20 concerning the amendment of Annex VII in order to introduce other treatment technologies that ensure at least the same level of protection for human health and the environment. Justification It should not be specified when substances, etc. have to be removed, as this would prevent any technical innovation. What is relevant is that the substances referred to in Annex III are removed and that the best possible environmental results are achieved in doing so. The development of new recycling technologies would be prevented by laying down when something must be removed. For this reason, the Commission’s original proposal is endorsed. Amendment 45 Council position Article 8 – paragraph 4 – subparagraph 2 Council position Amendment The Commission shall evaluate, as a matter of priority, whether the entries regarding printed circuit boards for mobile phones and liquid crystal displays need to be amended. The Commission shall evaluate, as a matter of priority, whether the entries regarding printed circuit boards for mobile phones and liquid crystal displays need to be amended. The Commission shall evaluate whether amendments to Annex VII