Thursday in Plenary: EU Budget, textiles, extremism, human rights Institutions 2007-12-14 - 11:12 MEPs and the people say "NO" to racism Thursday saw MEPs adopt the EU's budget for 2008 including EU funding for the Galileo satellite navigation system and the European Institute of Technology (EIT). MEPs also discussed the impact of Chinese textile imports on European companies and called for measures to ensure EU companies enjoy fair competition. The House also debated extremism and racism attacks in Europe. A resolution on the state of EU-China relations was also adopted. Call for fair competition for textiles With a deal between Europe and China on textile imports due to expire on 1 January, MEPs debated the future of Europe's textile industry. The deal, agreed in 2005, protects certain types of European textiles and clothing from Chinese imports. In the debate French MEP Tokia Saïfi (EPP-ED) noted that "protecting our industry does not mean to be protectionist". For the Socialists Kader Arif warned of the "brutal competition we might be facing with China soon" and said that it is important "to make the European industry more competitive". Italian Liberal Patrizia Toia underlined the "need for careful checks and controls" on what is being imported to Europe from China, and urged the authorities "to ensure that the products are authentic". MEPs adopt jobs and growth budget for 2008 The European Parliament adopted on Thursday the 2008 EU budget. It amounts to €120.346.758.612, in payment appropriations, nearly 0.96% of the total GNI (gross national income) of the Member States. It secures the funding of key EU priorities including Galileo, the EIT and the EU's commitments in Kosovo. The budget will be signed on 18 December. The Parliament and the Council of EU ministers together constitute the Union’s "budgetary authority", which decides each year on expenditure and revenue. Combating the rise of extremism in Europe MEPs adopted a resolution showing its concern of recent racist and hate attacks and killings in several European countries. The main points are: Condemnation of racist and hate attacks and solidarity with victims of such attacks and their families. Fighting extremism while respecting fundamental rights and fundamental legal principles. Withdrawal of public funding from political parties - or media businesses - that incite hatred of a group of people on the basis of their race, religion, handicap, sexual orientation or nationality. Speeches coming from public personalities should be considered an