is otherwise reduced or to an unaccompanied child. An air carrier or tour operator shall not deny boarding to a disabled passenger and any accompanying person or certified service dog , to a passenger whose mobility is otherwise reduced, to an unaccompanied child , or to passengers travelling with small children. Justification A number of disabled persons rely on a certified service dog to assist them in their journey. The voluntary commitments on air passenger rights have recognised that certified service dogs may be allowed to travel with the disabled person in the cabin free of charge. It is important that reference to certified service dogs be made in Article 6 Amendment 23 Article 7, paragraph 1 1. In the case of denied boarding passengers shall receive compensation amounting to: 1. In the case of denied boarding passengers shall receive compensation amounting to: (a) Euros 750 for flights of less than 3,500 kilometres; (a) Euros 200 for flights of less than 1,000 kilometres; (b) Euros 1,500 for flights of 3,500 kilometres or more. (b) Euros 400 for flights of 1,000 kilometres or more , but less than 3,500 kilometres. (ba) Euros 600 for flights of 3,500 kilometres or more. In determining the relevant distance, the basis shall be the last destination at which the denial of boarding will delay the passenger’s arrival after the scheduled time. In determining the relevant distance, the basis shall be the last destination at which the denial of boarding will delay the passenger’s arrival after the scheduled time. Every three years the Commission may adjust the amount of compensation in line with any rise in the cost of living. Justification An excessively high level of compensation might give rise to an increase in ticket prices, and would thus be, paradoxically, disadvantageous to passengers. It is also proposed that flights should be categorised as short, medium, or long, since this corresponds more exactly to the reality of European flights. The Commission’s purpose in proposing large increases in levels of compensation is to reduce deliberate overbooking. Where denied boarding arises for other reasons, such as aircraft substitution for technical reasons, or payload restrictions (i.e. the inability to use all the aircraft’s seats) for reasons such as adverse weather, the large increases would serve no purpose. Note that legislation in USA provides for compensation only in the event of deliberate overbooking. The Commission has failed to evaluate the