objectives are to be achieved, taking into account the desirability of high quality at all levels" Presidency conclusions, Brussels European Council, March 2005. Paragraph 34. . Socrates (budget line 15 02 02 02) 20. SOCRATES programme comprises eight actions: Comenius (school education), Erasmus (higher education), Grundvig (adult education), Lingua (learning European languages), Minerva (ICT in education), innovation of education systems, joint actions and accompanying measures. 21. The general rapporteur is of the opinion that special attention needs to be paid to Comenius (students language exchange projects) and Erasmus (students mobility) as both actions are decentralised and, therefore, managed by the National Authorities of the different Member states The Court of Auditors reccomended in its special report N°2/2002 on the Socrates and Youth actions that the contractual relationaship between the Commission and the National Authorities should be crearly defined stting out precisely the obligations and responsabilities for securing efficient joint management. . 22. According to the Commission, from 2000 to 2004 some 130,000 students per year were involved in Erasmus and over 10 000 schools per year were involved in Comenius Working document of the Commission Services on the Multiannual Financial Framework 2007-2013 Fiche n°20 (REV). . 23. Although these two programmes are very successful, they did not yet achieve the goal established in the Parliament and Council' decision of attaining a participation rate in mobility activities of 10% of schools (COMENIUS) and of 10% of students (ERASMUS). 24. The percentage of participation per year has been, until now, less than 1% of the students population in the EU and EFTA countries Point 1.1.4 . Education Council and Commission joint report for the 2004 Spring European Council. . The main reason for this has been the reduced EU budget made available. 25. During the monitoring group on education, held at the initiative of the general raporteur, DG EAC Commission' representatives expressed their concern about the high level of unsatisfied applications due to high absorption capacity. 26. There is a gap between the political will of becoming the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world, through a modern educational system, and the budgetary resources allocated to the necessary instruments and programmes. The 25 Member States confirmed, during the last European Council, that the European education area should be developed by encouraging geographical and occupational mobility Presidency conclusions, Brussels European Council, March 2005. Paragraph 35. . The EU budgetary allocation should,