transhipped, the date and place of each catch, the names of the vessels involved and the ports of transhipment and destination. Masters of both the vessels involved shall be held responsible for the accuracy of such declarations. The area shall be to the same level of detail as under Article 14(1). Justification The proposal currently has several different forms of wording for how the geographical origin of the fish should be described in the various documents. This and other amendments seek to standardize it, for ease of application. Amendment 32 Proposal for a regulation Article 19 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. The Commission, in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 111, may exempt certain categories of fishing vessels from the obligation laid down in paragraph 1 for a limited and renewable period, or make provision for another notification period taking into account, inter alia, the type of fishery products and the distance between the fishing grounds, landing places and ports where the vessels in question are registered. deleted Justification The entire wording of this paragraph has been borrowed from Article 17(4) on obligations as regards landing notifications, even though in this case it refers to transhipment declarations. Bearing in mind that transhipments are among the weakest links in the control chain for the traceability of fishery products, there should be no exceptions in this regard. Amendment 33 Proposal for a regulation Article 20 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. When giving the authorisation to land, the competent authorities shall assign a unique landing number (ULN) to the landing and inform the master of the vessel thereof. If the landing is interrupted, permission shall be required before the landing recommences. deleted Justification The ULN appears nowhere else in the proposal and should be deleted, incorporating the information in Article 50 on traceability, where each lot receives a number. Amendment 34 Proposal for a regulation Article 21 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Without prejudice to specific provisions contained in multiannual plans, the master or his representative of a Community fishing vessel exceeding 10 meters length overall shall transmit landing declaration data by electronic means to the competent authorities of the flag Member State within 2 hours after completion of the landing. 2. Without prejudice to specific provisions contained in multiannual plans, the master or his representative