apply only to substances and not to mixtures should not be seen as disproportionate. Article 3(1) of the REACH Regulation defines a substance as ‘a chemical element and its compounds in the natural state or obtained by any manufacturing process, including any additive necessary to preserve its stability and any impurity deriving from the process used, but excluding any solvent which may be separated without affecting the stability of the substance or changing its composition’. Article 3(2) of the REACH Regulation defines a mixture as ‘a mixture or solution composed of two or more substances’. There are two approaches to defining substances and mixtures in chemicals legislation: — a substance is defined as any pure chemical structure and a mixture as any mixture of chemical structures; — a substance is defined as anything which is the result of a production process and a mixture is any mixture of substances. A large number of chemical products actually produced are complex mixtures, often even unknown complex mixtures of chemical structures. Examples of such complex products are gasoline and certain waste streams. Though the first approach is the preferred scientific approach, its use in chemicals legislation would subject disproportionate costs on companies to continuously analyse the detailed compositions of their chemical products and then to test and assess each of the resulting components. Hence, chemicals legislation has for decades been using the second approach. In order to be consistent with past practice and to ensure continuity in the chemical management systems of industries, REACH adopted the same approach to the definition of substances as was applied in the past. Following this definition, the main difference between ‘substance’ and ‘mixture’ lies in the fact that a mixture is a blend from two or more substances and not the result of a chemical reaction. On the other hand, a chemical product which is a result of a chemical reaction (manufacturing process) has to be considered as a substance, not as a mixture. Although the definition of substance in REACH is general and does not specifically mention chemical or biochemical reactions, the notion ‘obtained by any manufacturing process’, in particular, is a clear indication that the term ‘substance’ should be seen as a product obtained from a chemical process, which may include distinct constituents. Secondly, the substance definition has to be read in conjunction with Article 10(a)(ii) and Section 2 of Annex VI REACH. In particular,