exception of demolition work and the disposal of waste products resulting from demolition and asbestos removal. MEPs welcome this ban as it goes further than the Commission proposal. The proposal seeks to reduce the exposure limit, which will now consist of a single limit as compared to two in the old directive. It also alters the scope of the directive, simplifies the rules on cases of limited exposure, introduces a new measuring method and settles the question of training for workers. The amendments proposed by the committee reinstate certain points demanded by Parliament at first reading that were not taken on board in the common position. MEPs insist that when workers are using breathing equipment, rest breaks are essential as the working conditions are extremely tough in such circumstances. In addition, Member States are asked to introduce ”effective, proportionate and dissuasive sanctions” against any breaches of legislation in this field. Foreign Affairs Lebanon: Green Light for Association Agreement but Caution on Human Rights Gerardo GALEOTE QUECEDO (EPP-ED, E) Report on the proposal for a Council decision on the conclusion of a Euro-Mediterranean Association Agreement between the European Community and its Member States of the one part, and the Republic of Lebanon, of the other part (10820/2002 – COM(2002) 170 – C5-0395/2002 – 2002/0083(AVC)) Doc.: A5-0410/2002 Procedure : Assent procedure Debate : 18.12.2002 Gerardo GALEOTE QUECEDO (EPP-ED, E) for the Foreign Affairs Committee will be recommending in a draft resolution that Parliament give the go-ahead to the Euro-Mediterranean Association Agreement negotiated between the EU and Lebanon. Since 1978 relations between the two sides have been governed by a Co-operation Agreement. This new Association Agreement requires Parliament's assent. However, in a draft motion for a resolution by Elmar BROK (EPP-ED, D) which accompanies its recommendation, the committee draws attention to a number of outstanding problems in Lebanon. It reminds the Lebanese authorities that an Association Agreement of this kind entails respect for human rights and it calls on them to abolish the death penalty, ratify the UN Convention against torture and lay down clear limits to the powers of its military court. The committee notes that 17,000 Lebanese citizens are still recorded as missing and their families often receive no response from the authorities on the fate of their relations. MEPs in the committee also stress the need to observe freedom of expression and freedom of the press, and express concern at