ORAL QUESTION O-0054/02 pursuant to Rule 42 of the Rules of Procedure by Monica Frassoni , Alain Lipietz , Camilo Nogueira Román and Miquel Mayol i Raynal , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group to the Council Subject: Situation in MERCOSUR Mercosur is on the verge of collapse, to differing degrees in each of the four countries, in both the economic and social spheres, but above all the economic. Most of the population in those countries is sliding into poverty and even destitution. Although their problems are similar, the international community, in particular the financial institutions, are treating Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay very differently. Whilst Argentina is making cuts in its social budget, applying a structural adjustment policy fiercely opposed by the population, which is suffering as a result and not receiving any outside help, Brazil has just received a loan of 30 billion from the IMF, subject to strict conditions, and Uruguay has already received the second consignment of IMF aid this year, to save its financial system. Does the Council condone this unequal treatment of the four members of Mercosur? Does the Council consider the conditions inherent in the loan to Brazil appropriate, since they are having an impact on the current election campaign? Does it not consider that this constitutes unacceptable interference? Since the 'rescue' of the financial system in Uruguay in the past gave rise, as it has recently in Argentina, to instances of fraud involving national and international banks, in connection with which investigations and court judgments are still pending, and since IMF aid this year has brought the country's foreign debt back up to $ 16.5 billion in a matter of three weeks, which will make the lives of the population even more precarious, since they will have even less access to public services, etc., what measures does the Council propose to ensure that international loans reach the population in the form of loans (including micro and small loans) for production activities, managed by the State rather than by private banks? What measures does the Council propose to reactivate the internal economies of Mercosur? What measures does the Council propose to change the criteria for granting loans in order to avoid the criteria of structural adjustment, which has been severely discredited in many countries, and introducing criteria such as those of the UNDP?