to include this issue as part of the Doha Development Agenda. Nevertheless, the Commission is committed to addressing trade and social development, core labour standards and commitment to meaningful dialogue between the WTO and the International Labour Organisation (ILO), both in the EU’s own Trade Policy Review and in the Trade Policy Reviews of other countries. As part of this process, the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions (ICFTU) Reports on core labour standards are prepared ahead of each Trade Policy Review. Countries with recent Trade Policy Reviews include Israel and the United States, while China’s Trade Policy Review is scheduled for April 2006. The EC has also pursued social development objectives in regional, bi-regional and bilateral arrangements. All its most recent agreements recognise and promote social rights as part of the universal objective of decent work for all. The Commission has for example entered into dialogue and co-operation with countries such as Chile, South Africa and bi-regionally with the African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries, the Gulf Co-operation Council, Mercosur and other regions. Since 1998, the EC has also been granting further trade preferences under the Generalised System of Preferences (GSP) special incentive arrangements to those developing countries that assure the respect of the core labour rights as defined by the ILO or comply with internationally recognised standards on sustainable forest management. In the framework of the new GSP scheme adopted on 27 June 2005 by the Council, a new GSP incentive for sustainable development provides additional tariff preferences for countries which have signed and effectively implemented the core UN/ILO human/labour right international conventions. The EC is currently developing a closer relationship with the ILO on trade-related matters aimed at promoting core labour standards through capacity building and enforcement in developing countries. The Commission has also been funding an ILO pilot project that aims to develop decent work indicators in developing countries for examining the relationship between decent work and trade liberalisation. This programme can be used in future aid programmes with developing countries to help them manage social adjustment to further market opening. The EC also recognises the importance of awareness raising. To contribute to this objective, the Commission has been supporting initiatives such as conferences, campaigns and research projects with a focus on responsible consumption and sourcing.