4. Member States shall collect information, including substantiated estimates, on an annual basis, on the quantities and categories of EEE placed on their markets, collected through all routes and by any actor including companies , organisations and any other entities involved in separate collection and handling of used EEE, prepared for re-use, recycled and recovered within the Member State, and on separately collected used EEE exported, by weight. Justification This amendment extends information requirements to take all used EEE and WEEE flows by ‘all actors’ into account. It is necessary to help fulfil the aims of amendment on article 7.2. addressing the fact that not all return flows are captured by the official, producer-organised WEEE collection systems. Amendment 66 Council position Article 17 – title Council position Amendment Legal representative Distance selling Justification The issue regarding legal representation has already been dealt with in Article 16. Distance selling poses a particular problem and should therefore be dealt with separately. Amendment 67 Council position Article 17 Council position Amendment Any Member State may ensure that a producer as defined in Article 3(1)(f)(iv), which sells EEE to that Member State from another Member State or a third country, appoints a legal or natural person established on its territory, as the person who is responsible for fulfilling his obligations as producer, pursuant to this Directive on its territory . No Member State shall require a producer as defined in Article 3(1)(f)(iv), who is established in another Member State , to be established or legally represented in the Member State that it is selling EEE to. Member States shall ensure that a producer as defined in Article 3 (1)(f)(iv) has the possibility of entering online, in the register of the Member State where it is established, all information required by Article 16 reflecting its activities across all Member States . Justification Producers that place EEE on the market my means of distance selling should not be forced to appoint a legal representative in the Member State in which the purchaser of the appliance is resident. The Monti Report (A new strategy for the single market) of 9 May 2010 also mentions the problem of recycling as an obstacle to e-commerce in the Union. In its resolution on completing the internal market for e-commerce ( 2010/2012(INI) ), the European Parliament calls for simplification of the sale of EEE by means of distance selling. Amendment 68