areas and calls on all the Member States to promote its implementation as soon as possible; 38. Calls on the Commission to work towards a European system for the investigation of road accidents, so as to facilitate comparisons and make it possible to work more effectively to prevent them occurring; 39. Calls on the Commission, the Member States and their regional authorities to pay particular attention to the protection and safety of vulnerable road users, such as pedestrians and cyclists; 40. Stresses that the Member States should systematically take account of the safety of all drivers (of cars, motorcycles, bicycles, heavy vehicles, etc.) and of accident prevention when designing, building and maintaining roads and other infrastructure measures; 41. Calls on the Commission to encourage the use of backward-facing child seats for children up to the ages of 3-4 Child Safety In Cars, VTI rapport 489A. ; 42. Calls on the Commission, and in particular the Member States, to investigate the road safety situation for people with disabilities; considers it important for professional passenger drivers taxi drivers, for example, to be properly trained in securing wheelchairs, etc.; 43. Calls on the Commission to analyse the needs of people with disabilities as regards their active, independent participation in road transport and to lay down rules which ensure that people with disabilities do not suffer discrimination when applying for a driving licence; 44. Considers that technologies such as telematics offer, in the long term, the possibility of eliminating fatal accidents to a very large extent; calls, therefore, for intensive research and co-operation between all stakeholders in order to promote the speedy introduction of the most promising technologies, without, however, neglecting road safety education; 45. Considers that the use of information and communication technologies in connection with road infrastructure is bringing considerable improvements in the management of the trans-European transport networks (TEN-T) and road safety; calls on the Commission and the Member States to continue their action in this area by setting up a European programme for the deployment of intelligent road traffic management systems; 46. Calls on the Commission to pay particular attention to the technical safety of vehicles; before 2010, consideration must be given to further developing the relevant legislation; in that connection, the testing of electronic vehicle safety systems (e-safety systems), a uniform system of annual checks on vehicles over eight years old and special checks on vehicles which have been