rules applicable to periods, dates and time limits OJ L 124, 8.6.1971, p. 1. should apply. (25) In order to speed up the recovery of small claims, the judgment should be enforceable notwithstanding any possible appeal and without the condition of the provision of a security except as provided for in this Regulation. (26) Any reference in this Regulation to an appeal should include any possible means of appeal available under national law. (27) The court or tribunal must include a person qualified to serve as a judge in accordance with national law. (28) Whenever the court or tribunal is required to set a time limit, the party concerned should be informed of the consequences of not complying with it. (29) The unsuccessful party should bear the costs of the proceedings. The costs of the proceedings should be determined in accordance with national law. Having regard to the objectives of simplicity and cost-effectiveness, the court or tribunal should order that an unsuccessful party be obliged to pay only the costs of the proceedings, including for example any costs resulting from the fact that the other party was represented by a lawyer or another legal professional, or any costs arising from the service or translation of documents, which are proportionate to the value of the claim or which were necessarily incurred. (30) In order to facilitate recognition and enforcement, a judgment given in a Member State in the European Small Claims Procedure should be recognised and enforceable in another Member State without the need for a declaration of enforceability and without any possibility of opposing its recognition. (31) There should be minimum standards for the review of a judgment in situations where the defendant was not able to contest the claim. (32) Having regard to the objectives of simplicity and cost-effectiveness, the party seeking enforcement shall not be required to have an authorised representative or a postal address in the Member State of enforcement, other than with agents having competence for the enforcement procedure in accordance with the national law of that Member State. (33) Chapter III of this Regulation should also apply to the determination of costs and expenses made by officers of the court or tribunal due to a judgment given pursuant to the procedure specified in this Regulation. (34) The measures necessary for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of