of herbal medicinal products. Its tasks should relate in particular to establishing Community herbal monographs relevant for the registration as well as the authorisation of herbal medicinal products. In addition, the committee should take over the tasks of the Committee for Human Medicinal Products with regard to the evaluation of herbal medicinal products . (10) It is important to ensure full consistency between the new committee and the Committee for Human Medicinal Products already existing at the Agency. In particular, for a procedure regarding an application which concerns a herbal medicinal product and which is based on Directive 2001/83/EC, appropriate coordination between the two committees should be ensured, under the provisions of Article 67(2) of Regulation (EC) No .../2002 [laying down Community procedures for the authorisation and supervision of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing a European Medicinal Products Agency] . (11) When deciding upon an application for registration of a traditional herbal medicinal product, the Member State concerned should be obliged to recognise authorisations or registrations previously granted by another Member State for that product. In cases where the authorisation or registration refers to a herbal medicinal product for which a monograph has been established under this Directive, it should be recognised. (12) The Commission should present a report on the application of the chapter on traditional herbal medicinal products to the European Parliament and to the Council including an assessment on the possible extension of traditional use registration to other categories of medicinal products. (13) It is therefore appropriate to amend Directive 2001/83/CE accordingly. (14) By 31 December 2006 the Commission should propose analogous amendments to European Parliament and Council Directive 2001/82/EC of 6 November 2001 on the Community code relating to veterinary medicinal products OJ L 311, 28.11.2001, p. 1. , in which connection the behaviour of residues in animals for food production requires particular attention and examination, HAVE ADOPTED THIS DIRECTIVE: Article 1 Directive 2001/83/EC is amended as follows: (1) In Article 1 the following points 29 to 32 are added: 29. Traditional herbal medicinal product: a herbal medicinal product in different preparations, alone or in combination with other non-herbal ingredients, that fulfils the conditions laid down in Article 16a; 30. Herbal medicinal product: any medicinal product in different preparations, containing one or more active ingredients, at pharmacologically active levels, originating from herbal, plant or other vegetable substances, for the efficacy and safety