up an electronic register through which citizens may lend support to, or withdraw their support from, a petition in accordance with Rule 202; 39. Instructs its President to forward this resolution and the report of the Committee on Petitions to the Council, the Commission, the European Ombudsman, the governments of the Member States, their committees on petitions and their national ombudsmen or similar competent bodies. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Introduction One should start this annual report by underlining that 2009 was not an ordinary year, but a rather extraordinary one, dominated by the European elections and entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon. If the impact of the latter event on the work of the Committee is likely to be felt in the coming years, the former had significant influence on the everyday activity of the Committee. Unlike other parliamentary committees, the Committee on Petitions distinguishes itself as one where the calendar of activities is not fixed around the legislative programme of the Commission, but is set by the citizens who exercise their right to petition the European Parliament. 2009 marked the transition from the sixth to the seventh legislature; the new Members of the Committee had to get acquainted with its overall work. Despite a considerable tiding up of the petitions at the end of the legislature, many files were carried over into the new one and, therefore, Members had to rapidly familiarise themselves with them as new petitions kept coming in. One should note that the process was quite smooth and that both the previous and the current Committee did their best to ensure that petitioners would be the least affected by this transition period. Nevertheless, other aspects of the regular work of the Committee - such as the fact-finding visits - had to be postponed to 2010. Against this background, the 2009 Report intends to offer a comprehensible picture of the activity of the Committee during the year and ultimately a better understanding of what petitioning the European Parliament means, the possible outcome of the process, its success-stories and its limits. Statistics such as those on the number of petitions received, closed or dealt with by the Committee, of the concerned countries or topics represents an important quantitative tool in assessing the work of the Committee. Additional aspects like the relations with other European institutions, national and regional authorities or institutional changes with direct impact on the activity