. As emphasised by the Recommendation of the Committee of Ministers to Member States on the background, functions and responsibilities of a National Transplant Organisation (NTO) of the Council of Europe15, it is preferable to have a single body which is officially recognised and non-profit making with overall responsibility for donation, allocation, traceability and accountability. However, depending especially on the repartition of competences within the Member States, a combination of local, regional, national and/or international bodies may work together to co-ordinate donation, allocation and/or transplantation, provided that the framework in place ensures accountability, co-operation and efficiency Justification The transplant process does not end when the patient has received an organ in the transplant operation. The recovery period, and treatment with anti-rejection therapies, are also imperative to the success, or not, of a transplanted organ for the patient. This fact should not be neglected as it is a vital part of whether the patient has undergone a successful transplant and is ultimately able to improve their health. Amendment 15 Proposal for a directive Recital 21 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (21) The measures needed to implement this Directive should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission. (21) The measures needed to implement this Directive should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission. With regard to Article 25, in all cases of implementing measures affecting data protection and security, all relevant stakeholders should be consulted, including the European Data Protection Supervisor . Justification The legislator should ensure that, with regard to Article 25, in all cases where implementing measures affecting data protection and security are considered, all relevant stakeholders are consulted, including the EDPS. Amendment 16 Proposal for a directive Recital 22 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (22) In particular, power should be conferred on the Commission to lay down, where the organs concerned are to be exchanged between Member States, the procedures for the transmission to transplantation centres of the information on the characteristics of the organs, the procedures needed to ensure the traceability of the organs, including labelling requirements, and the procedures for the reporting of serious adverse events or reactions. Since these measures are of general scope and are