or plant products and against their spread within the Community (OJ L 169,10.7.2000, p. 1). Directive as last amended by Regulation (EC) No 882/2004 . , a Member State may authorise the placing on the market and/or the feeding to animals within its territory of treated food or feed not complying with paragraph 1, provided that such food or feed does not constitute an unacceptable risk. Such authorisations shall immediately be notified to the other Member States, the Commission and the Authority, together with an appropriate risk assessment for consideration without undue delay in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2), with a view to setting a temporary MRL for a specified period or taking any other necessary measure in relation to such products. Article 19 Prohibition concerning processed and/or composite products The processing, and/or mixing for dilution purposes with the same or other products, of the products covered by Annex I not complying with Article 18(1) or 20 with a view to placing them on the market as food or feed or feeding them to animals shall be prohibited. Article 20 MRLs applicable to processed and/or composite products 1. Where MRLs are not set out in Annexes II or III for processed and/or composite food or feed, the MRLs applicable shall be those provided in Article 18(1) for the relevant product covered by Annex I, taking into account changes in the levels of pesticide residues caused by processing and/or mixing. 2. Specific concentration or dilution factors for certain processing and/or mixing operations or for certain processed and/or composite products may be included in the list in Annex VI in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2). CHAPTER IV SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INCORPORATION OF EXISTING MRLS INTO THIS REGULATION Article 21 First establishment of MRLs 1. MRLs for products covered by Annex I shall be first established and listed in Annex II in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2), incorporating the MRLs provided for under Directives 86/362/EEC, 86/363/EEC and 90/642/EEC, taking into account the criteria mentioned in Article 14(2) of this Regulation. 2. Annex II shall be established within 12 months from the entry into force of this Regulation. Article 22 First establishment of temporary MRLs 1. Temporary MRLs for active substances for which a decision on inclusion or non-inclusion in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC has not yet been taken