Question for written answer E-4007/2010 to the Commission Rule 117 Ramon Tremosa i Balcells (ALDE) (7 June 2010) Subject: Ecologically sound water volume for the river Ebro in the new river basin management plan The Ebro river delta, on the river’s final stretch before flowing into the sea, is the largest wetland area in Catalonia and the third largest in Europe. The Ebro delta’s fragile ecosystem is currently a cause for concern owing to, among other things, climate change, land subsidence, the high salinity level of its water, the lack of sediment, which builds up in reservoirs, and the reduction in water flow as a result of the rising number of concessions granted to take water from the river. Against this backdrop, the Committee for the Sustainability of the Ebro Area (CSTE — Comissió per a la Sostenibilitat de les Terres del Ebre), made up of institutional, social and economic stakeholders from the area, unanimously approved a proposal for ecologically sound water volumes for the final stretch of the Ebro drawn up by technicians and scientists of some repute, whose opinion carries substantial weight. The aim was for the proposal to be integrated into the Ebro river basin management plan. The strict application of the Water Framework Directive (WFD, Directive 2000/60/EC OJ L 327, 22.12.2000, p. 1. ) is fundamental in ensuring the conservation of the river Ebro and its delta. In this regard, Article 1 of the WFD sets the following objectives: ‘to prevent further deterioration and protect and enhance the status of the aquatic ecosystems and terrestrial ecosystems and wetlands directly depending on the aquatic ecosystems’ and ‘to promote sustainable water use based on a long-term protection of available water resources’. The preliminary Ebro river basin management plan, approved by the Spanish Government, Catalan Government and other autonomous governments, fails to define a system for setting environmentally sound water volumes for the final stretch of the Ebro, specifically between the dam at Xerta and the mouth of the river, even though this is the most vulnerable stretch. In this context, what deadline has the Commission set for approval of the new Ebro river basin management plan in view of the delay in the ongoing approval process?