borders without unnecessary problems and delays. Justification Matching donors and recipients is the prime reason for setting up European organ exchange organisations such as Scandinavtransplant or Eurotransplant. This model of pan-European exchanges, effective though it may be, does not have the aim of expanding the pool of available organs. In order to do so, new strategies need to be adopted both nationally and at Community level. Amendment 4 Proposal for a directive Recital 6 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (6) There is therefore a need for common quality and safety standards for the procurement, transport and use of human organs at Community level. These standards would facilitate exchanges of organs to the benefit of thousands of European patients in need of this type of therapy each year. Community legislation should ensure that human organs comply with acceptable standards of quality and safety. Therefore such standards will help to reassure the public that human organs procured in another Member State nonetheless carry the same basic quality and safety guarantees as those obtained in their own country. (6) There is therefore a need , while duly respecting the subsidiarity principle pursuant to Article 168(7) TFEU, for common quality and safety standards for the procurement, transport and use of human organs at Community level. These standards would facilitate exchanges of organs to the benefit of thousands of European patients in need of this type of therapy each year. Community legislation should ensure that human organs comply with recognised standards of quality and safety. Therefore such standards will help to reassure the public that human organs procured in another Member State nonetheless carry the same basic quality and safety guarantees as those obtained in their own country. Justification Art. 168 Abs. 7 AEUV bestimmt, dass bei der Tätigkeit der Union die Verantwortung der Mitgliedstaaten für die Festlegung ihrer Gesundheitspolitik sowie für die Organisation des Gesundheitswesend und die medizinische Versorgung gewahrt wird. Maßnahmen zur Festlegung hoher Qualitäts- und Sicherheitsstandards für Organe lassen einzelstaatliche Regelungen über die Spende oder die medizinische Verwendung von Organen unberührt. Da sich die Begriffe Beschaffung und Spende teilweise überschneiden, ist der Hinweis auf das Subsidiaritätsprinzip unbedingt erforderlich. Nur anerkannte Qualitäts- und Sicherheitsstandards spiegeln den Stand der medizinischen Wissenschaft wider. Amendment 5 Proposal for a directive Recital 6 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (6a) In accordance with Article 168(7) TFEU , the measures adopted under paragraph 4(a) of