for the deliberations of the Parliamentary Forums; 15. Recognises that it is strategically important for political institutions to encourage a pro-active attitude on the part of the media (in particular television, the press and local radio) and to enlist them for the purpose of publicising and intensifying the debate; 16. Proposes that the first Parliamentary Forum be convened in the spring of 2006, in advance of the June meeting of the European Council, in order to hear reports from the French and Dutch Parliaments about their suggestions for a way forward and to discuss, on the basis of this Resolution, the structure of the European dialogue, the aim of this Forum being to make comprehensive recommendations to the European Council about how the Union should proceed to find the way out of the crisis; 17. Proposes that the first Parliamentary Forum should identify a limited number of priority questions about the future of Europe and the governance of the Union which should be addressed in subsequent Forums and in the broader public debate, such as: (i) what is the goal of European integration? (ii) what role should Europe have in the world? (iii) in the light of globalisation, what is the future of the European social and economic model? (iv) how do we define the boundaries of the European Union? (v) how do we enhance freedom, security and justice? 18. Believes that a rich debate on these fundamental issues will open up new perspectives for European integration and prepare the ground for reform of the common policies in those areas where dissension exists; 19. Believes, moreover, that the European dialogue will only overcome the constitutional crisis if it engages not only each EU institution but also national and regional parliaments, local government, political parties, social partners, civil society, the academic community and the media; puts particular value in this regard upon practical contributions from the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions; 20. Requests Member States to organise a large number of public meetings and media debates on the future of Europe ‑ 'Citizens' Forums' ‑ at national, regional and local level, structured along the commonly agreed themes, with the assistance of the Commission; urges the social partners and civil society organisations to get engaged in these debates; 21. Expects political parties to give much more prominence to the European dimension in both their internal debates