felt need within the voluntary sector. The funded projects have already started to have multiplying effects on activities by non governmental organisations and institutions in Europe. During its first phase, this programme has already substantially contributed to the development of EU policy on violence, trafficking, sexual abuse and pornography, with implications well beyond the boundaries of the European Union, as mentioned in the mid-term report of the Daphne programme. (10) The programme will pay attention to the situation of street children - a situation which is becoming dramatic not only in the developing countries, but also in the cities of the applicant countries, as street children are not only victims of traffickers in drugs and human beings, but also suffer violence and sexual abuse. If these children are to be reintegrated into society, a programme is needed which provides answers to social and family problems and takes account of these children's needs. ( 11 ) In its resolution of 4 September 2002 on the mid-term review of the 2000-2003 Daphne programme, the European Parliament stresses that the Daphne programme meets a basic need for effective strategies to combat violence and that it must continue beyond 2003, and calls on the Commission to submit a proposal for a new action programme which incorporates all experience acquired since 1997 and which is allocated appropriate funding. ( 12 ) It is desirable to ensure continuity for the projects supported by the Daphne programme (2000-2003), to carry on building on the experiences gained and to provide opportunities for ongoing European added value stemming from these experiences and, to this end to renew the programme for a second phase. ( 13 ) The Community can provide added value to the actions predominantly to be undertaken by Member States concerning the prevention of violence, abuse and sexual exploitation perpetrated against women, young people and children and the protection of victims and groups at risk through the dissemination and exchange of information and experience, the promotion of an innovative approach, the joint establishment of priorities, the development of networking as appropriate, the selection of Community-wide projects and the motivation and mobilisation of all parties concerned. This shall also encompass women and children brought to the Member States through human trafficking. The Community can also identify and stimulate good practice. ( 14 ) This programme can bring added value by identifying and stimulating good practice, by encouraging innovation