from the seller or supplier responsible for intra-Community infringements an undertaking to cease the intra-Community infringement; and , where appropriate, to publish the resulting undertaking ; f) to require the cessation or prohibition of any intra-Community infringement and , where appropriate, to publish resulting decisions; g) to require the losing defendant to make payments into the public purse or to any beneficiary designated in or under national legislation, in the event of failure to comply with a decision. 7. Member States shall ensure that competent authorities have adequate resources necessary for the application of this Regulation. The competent officials shall observe professional standards and be subject to appropriate internal procedures or rules of conduct that ensure, in particular, the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data, procedural fairness and the proper observance of the confidentiality and professional secrecy provisions established in Article 13 . 8. Each competent authority shall make known to the general public the rights and responsibilities conferred upon it under this Regulation. 9. Each competent authority shall designate the competent officials . Article 5 Lists 1. Each Member State shall communicate to the Commission and other Member States the identities of the competent authorities , other public authorities and bodies having a legitimate interest in the cessation of intra-Community infringements and single liaison office designated under Article 4(1) . 2. The Commission shall publish and update the list of single liaison offices and competent authorities in the Official Journal of the European Union. Chapter II Mutual assistance Article 6 Exchange of information on request 1. A requested authority shall, on request from an applicant authority , in accordance with Article 4, supply any relevant information required to establish whether an intra-Community infringement has occurred or whether there is a reasonable suspicion it may occur . The requested authority shall supply the information requested without delay. 2. The requested authority shall undertake , if necessary with the assistance of other public authorities, the appropriate investigations or any other necessary or appropriate measures in accordance with Article 4 , in order to gather the required information. 3. On request from the applicant authority, the requested authority may permit a competent official of the applicant authority to accompany the officials of the requested authority in the course of their investigations. 4. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Article shall be adopted in accordance with