to present a new proposal, or - decide to take such other action as it deems appropriate. This motion shall be placed on the draft agenda of the part-session following the decision by the committee. Rule 59 Renewed referral to Parliament Ordinary legislative procedure 1. The President shall, at the request of the committee responsible, ask the Commission to refer its proposal again to Parliament in cases: - where the Commission withdraws its initial proposal after Parliament has adopted its position, in order to replace it with another text, except where this is done in order to take account of Parliament's position; or - where the Commission substantially amends or intends to amend its initial proposal, except where this is done in order to take account of Parliament's position; or - where, through the passage of time or changes in circumstances, the nature of the problem with which the proposal is concerned substantially changes; or - where new elections to Parliament have taken place since it adopted its position, and the Conference of Presidents considers it desirable. 2. Parliament shall, at the request of the committee responsible, ask the Council to refer again to Parliament a proposal submitted by the Commission pursuant to Article 294 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, where the Council intends to modify the legal basis of the proposal with the result that the ordinary legislative procedure will no longer apply. Other procedures 3. At the request of the committee responsible, the President shall call on the Council to reconsult Parliament in the same circumstances and under the same conditions as those set out in paragraph 1, and also where the Council substantially amends or intends to amend the proposal on which Parliament originally delivered its opinion, except where this is done in order to incorporate Parliament's amendments. 4. The President shall also request that a proposal for an act be referred again to Parliament in the circumstances defined in this Rule where Parliament so decides on a proposal from a political group or at least 40 Members. Rule 60 Deleted CHAPTER 4 SECOND READING Committee stage Rule 61 Communication of the Council's position 1. Communication of the Council's position pursuant to Article 294 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union takes place when it is announced by the President in Parliament. The President shall make the announcement after