at least two Member States, have a maximum duration of two years and be geared to the objectives set out in Article 2. 4. The Commission shall endeavour to ensure the participation of all countries to which the programme is open, and in particular encourage the participation of NGOs, notably self-help groups. Article 4 Activities under the programme 1. The programme shall comprise the following types of activities: a) identification and exchanges of good practice and work experience with a view, in particular, to implementing preventive measures and assistance for victims ; b) mapping surveys, studies and research; c) field work with the involvement of the beneficiaries, particularly children and youth, in all phases of project design, implementation and evaluation; d) creation of sustainable multidisciplinary networks; e) training and design of educational packages together with the associations involved in the fight against violence and in victim support ; f) development and implementation of treatment programmes for aggressors, on the one side, and for victims and potential victims on the other side; g) development and implementation of awareness-raising activities targeted to specific audiences, design of materials to supplement those already available, or adaptation and use of existing materials in other geographical areas or for other target groups together with the associations involved in the fight against violence and in victim support ; h) dissemination of the results obtained under the Daphne programme including their adaptation, transfer and use by other beneficiaries or in other geographical areas. 2. Any product (study, material, educational package etc.) financed or co-financed by this programme shall be electronically available to the public free of charge. Article 5 Budget 1. The financial framework for the implementation of the programme for the period 2004 to 2008 is hereby set at EUR 50 million . The commitment appropriations scheduled after the year 2006 are subject to an agreement of the budgetary authority on the financial perspective beyond 2006. 2. The annual appropriations shall be authorised by the budgetary authority within the limits of the financial perspective. 3. Funding decisions shall be followed by grant agreements between the Commission and the beneficiaries of the grant. 4. The proportion of financial support from the Community budget shall not exceed 80 % of the total cost of the project. However, the complementary actions referred to in Article 2(2b) may be financed up to 100 %, subject to a ceiling of 15 %