of the Commission may meet for a more detailed exchange of views on future priorities in each policy area. These meetings shall be rounded off by a meeting between the Conference of Committee Chairs and the College of Commissioners and by a meeting between the Conference of Presidents and the President of the Commission, as appropriate. 7. In October, the Commission shall adopt its Work Programme for the following year. Subsequently, the President of the Commission shall present that Work Programme to Parliament at an appropriate level. 8. Parliament may hold a debate and adopt a resolution at the December part-session. 9. This timetable shall be applied to each regular programming cycle, except for Parliament election years coinciding with the end of the Commission’s term of office. 10. This timetable shall not prejudice any future agreement on inter-institutional programming. ANNEX XV Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 on public access to documents European Parliament and Council Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 of 30 May 2001 regarding public access to European Parliament, Council and Commission documents OJ L 145, 31.5.2001, p. 43. THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION, Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community, and in particular Article 255(2) thereof, Having regard to the proposal from the Commission OJ C 177 E, 27.6.2000, p. 70. , Acting in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 251 of the Treaty Opinion of the European Parliament of 3 May 2001 and Council Decision of 28 May 2001. , Whereas: (1) The second subparagraph of Article 1 of the Treaty on European Union enshrines the concept of openness, stating that the Treaty marks a new stage in the process of creating an ever closer union among the peoples of Europe, in which decisions are taken as openly as possible and as closely as possible to the citizen. (2) Openness enables citizens to participate more closely in the decision-making process and guarantees that the administration enjoys greater legitimacy and is more effective and more accountable to the citizen in a democratic system. Openness contributes to strengthening the principles of democracy and respect for fundamental rights as laid down in Article 6 of the EU Treaty and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. (3) The conclusions of the European Council meetings held at Birmingham, Edinburgh and Copenhagen stressed the need to introduce greater transparency into the work