three years under Hitler’s occupation and terror, as well as 48 years under Soviet occupation and terror, O. whereas the Soviet occupation of the Baltic States was never recognised as legal by the Western democracies, P. whereas the European Parliament, in its resolution of 12 May 2005, concluded that ‘for some nations the end of World War II meant renewed tyranny inflicted by the Stalinist Soviet Union’ and congratulated the Central and Eastern European countries on the occasion of having become free ‘after so many decades under Soviet domination or occupation…’, Q. whereas only the legal successor to the Soviet Union, the Russian Federation, still denies the fact of occupation and illegal incorporation of the Baltic States into the Soviet Union, R. whereas Russia has taken economic sanctions against Estonia by launching the sudden repair works of the railway to Estonia, as well as placing restrictions on heavy vehicles crossing the bridge linking the two countries ‘owing to its emergency condition’, S. whereas it is important that the EU should speak with one voice, show solidarity and display unity in its relations with the Russian Federation, 1. Expresses its support for, and solidarity with, the democratically elected Estonian Government in its efforts to guarantee order, stability and the rule of law for all residents of Estonia; 2. Underlines the need for the European Union to speak with one voice and have a common position in its relations with Russia; 3. Regards attacks targeted against one EU Member State as attacks targeted against the EU as a whole; 4. Considers inadmissible the various attempts to interfere in the internal affairs of Estonia by the Russian authorities (such as calls for the resignation of the Estonian Government) and recalls that under the Helsinki Agreements no country has the right to decide on the destiny of another country; 5. Is alarmed by the scandalously inadequate protection of the Estonian Embassy in Moscow by the Russian authorities and the physical attacks on the Estonian Ambassador by the ‘Nashi’ demonstrators; calls on the Russian Government to respect the Vienna Convention on the protection of diplomats without any exception; 6. Condemns the attempts by Russia to exert economic pressure on Estonia as an instrument of foreign policy and calls on the Russian Government to restore normal economic relations between the two States in accordance with the generally accepted norms of conduct and according to the WTO