Answer given by Mr Dalli on behalf of the Commission (20 May 2010) Concerning the recent authorisation of a genetically modified (GM) potato for cultivation, the Commission followed all the procedural steps for this decision in full accordance with the European Union legislation and its regulatory obligations. Indeed, the German company BASF Plant Science submitted a request for authorisation in Sweden in January 2003. In April 2004, the Swedish competent authority forwarded its assessment report to the Commission on which it was concluded that the genetically modified potato should be placed on the market for its intended uses. The Commission forwarded the full notification and assessment report to the other Member States in May 2004. Following the objections of Competent Authorities of some Member States, EFSA was consulted and delivered its opinion on 24 February 2006. It concluded that the GM potato is unlikely to have an adverse effect on human and animal health or on the environment in the context of its proposed uses. Next, a draft Commission decision to place the product on the market was presented to the Regulatory Committee for a vote on 4 December 2006. The Committee failed to deliver, by qualified majority, an opinion in favour or against on the draft submitted by the Commission. In 2007, the European Food and Safety Agency (EFSA) agreed with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) that the preservation of the therapeutic relevance of the antibiotics kanamycin and neomycin is important (the World Health Organisation (WHO) considers them as ‘highly important antimicrobials’). Notwithstanding these considerations, EFSA confirmed the safety of the antibiotic resistance marker gene ‘NptII’ by indicating that the use of this gene in GM plant will not affect the therapeutic effect of these antibiotics. Consequently, the Commission was required to submit to the Council a proposal relating to the measures to be taken; the Council having three months in which to act by a qualified majority. The proposal was considered by the Agriculture and Fisheries Council on 16 July 2007. While 10 Member States supported the proposal, 11 voted against and as a result no qualified majority was reached at the Council in favour or against the Commission proposal. On 11 June 2009, EFSA published a statement on the use of ARM genes in GM plants which concludes, in collaboration with scientists from EMEA and the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC), that the previous