evidence. This could, for example, be written evidence (e.g. contracts, receipts etc.) or oral or written statements from witnesses. For each piece of evidence, please indicate which aspect of your claim it is intended to support. If space is insufficient, you can add additional sheets. 8. Details of claim 8.1. Please give reasons for your claim, for example what happened, where and when. 8.2. Please describe the evidence you wish to put forward to support your claim and state which points of the claim it supports. Where appropriate, you should add relevant supporting documents. 8.2.1. Written evidence ▪ please specify below 8.2.2. Witnesses ▪ please specify below 8.2.3. Other ▪ please specify below Oral hearing Please note that the European Small Claims Procedure is a written procedure. However, you can request, in this form or at a later stage, that an oral hearing be held. The court/tribunal may decide to hold an oral hearing if it considers it necessary for the fair conduct of the proceedings or it may refuse it, having regard to all the circumstances of the case. 8.3. Do you want an oral hearing to be held? Yes ▪ No ▪ If yes, please indicate reasons * optional : 9. Certificate A judgment given in a Member State in the European Small Claims Procedure can be recognised and enforced in another Member State. If you intend to ask for recognition and enforcement in a Member State other than that of the court/tribunal, you can request in this form that the court/tribunal, after having made a decision in your favour, issue a certificate concerning that judgment. 9. Certificate I ask the court/tribunal to issue a certificate concerning the judgment Yes ▪ No ▪ 10. Date and signature Please make sure that you write your name clearly and sign and date your application at the end. 10. Date and signature I hereby request that the court/tribunal give a judgment against the defendant on the basis of my claim. I declare that the information provided is true to the best of my knowledge and is given in good faith. Done at: Date: ___/___/_____ Name and signature: Appendix to the claim form (Form A) Bank details * optional for the purposes of payment of the application fee Account holder/credit card holder: Bank name, BIC or other relevant bank code/credit card company: Account number or IBAN/credit card number, expiry date and security