act Annex – section 18 – point -1 d (new) Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 11 -1d. Article 11 is amended as follows: (a) Paragraph 7 is replaced by the following: ‘ 7. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 27a in order to adopt detailed rules for implementing the provisions referred to in paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 of this Article. Where a delay in action would cause damage which would be difficult to repair and therefore, imperative grounds of urgency so require, the procedure provided for in Article 27b shall apply to delegated acts adopted pursuant to this paragraph.‘ (b) Paragraph 8 is replaced by the following: ‘ 8. When a country is excluded by the UN from the list of the least-developed countries, it shall be withdrawn from the list of the beneficiaries of the arrangement. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 27a in order to remove a country from the arrangement by amending Annex I and to establish a transitional period of at least three years .’ Amendment 235 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 18 – point 1 – point a Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 16 – paragraph 3 – introductory wording 3. The Commission may suspend the preferential arrangements provided for in this Regulation, in respect of all or of certain products originating in a beneficiary country, in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 27(6) , where it considers that there is sufficient evidence that temporary withdrawal would be justified for the reasons referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2, provided that it has first: 3. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 27a in order to suspend the preferential arrangements provided for in this Regulation, in respect of all or of certain products originating in a beneficiary country, where it considers that there is sufficient evidence that temporary withdrawal would be justified for the reasons referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2, provided that it has first: Amendment 236 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 18 – point 2 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 732/2008 Article 18 – paragraph 6 (2a) In Article 18, paragraph 6 is replaced by the following: '6. The investigation shall be completed within one year. The Commission may