decision on the participation of the Commission to the AAL Programme was adopted by the European Parliament and Council in first reading and has in the mean time led to two calls for proposals and an investment by Member States that is 50 % over their minimally required financial commitment. The programme, as well as the FP7 long-term research and the innovation deployment in the Competitiveness and Innovation ICT Policy Support Programme (CIP ICT PSP) receive very good response from industry, and notably from SMEs. These ongoing measures are all part of the follow-up to the action plan and it is expected that a status report on the action plan's implementation will be provided by the end of 2010 with possible suggestions for further measures to be taken. In addition a mid‑term assessment of the implementation of the AAL Joint Programme and recommendations for follow up will be provided to the European Parliament and Council by end of 2010. The European Commission is also aware of the importance of providing older people with digital skills that are crucial to benefit from online public services, be active in the community and in the labour market and stay in contact with family and friends. Following the Riga Ministerial Declaration Ministerial Declaration of 11 June 2006 on the occasion of the Ministerial Conference ‘ICT for an inclusive society’ (http://ec.europa.eu/information_society/events/ict_riga_2006/doc/declaration_riga.pdf) , the European Commission has carried out an extensive review of digital literacy initiatives across Europe http://ec.europa.eu/information_society/eeurope/i2010/docs/digital_literacy/digital_literacy_review.pdf . The review shows that Member States have invested in large digital literacy programmes over the last 10 years as part of their Lisbon priorities for information society and as a result regular Internet use and digital literacy levels have grown rapidly. However, more efforts need to be dedicated to supporting disadvantaged groups, such as older people. Over the past years, various EU funds and programmes have been used to reduce the digital divide, including the European Social Fund, the European Regional Development Fund, the Lifelong Learning Programme and the Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme. President Barroso announced in his political guidelines that the new Commission will develop, within its EU 2020 strategy, a comprehensive Digital Agenda, aimed at, among other aspects, averting the emergence of a social, regional or intergenerational digital divide. The European Commission will therefore continue to promote the use of European funds and programmes to increase digital literacy levels and will take into