Question for written answer E-006912/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Frieda Brepoels (Verts/ALE) (21 July 2011) Subject: The position of the Commission in the Bildu case Op 5 May Frieda Brepoels, together with 22 other MEPs, addressed a letter to the President of the European Council, Herman Van Rompuy, the President of the European Commission, José Manuel Barroso and the Prime Minister of Spain, José Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, on the decision of the Spanish Supreme Court of 1 May to ban Bildu from participating in the local elections in Spain on 22 May. Bildu was founded in March of this year and brings together Basque parties seeking autonomy. The coalition is made up of two parties, Eusko Alkartasuna (member of the European Free Alliance (EFA)) and the smaller Alternatiba, supplemented with independents. The letter expressed serious concern over interference in the democratic electoral process in Spain after Sortu, a new left-wing Basque nationalist party, was declared illegal by the Spanish Supreme Court. The letter explicitly called for the fundamental right to free elections to be respected in all parts of the EU. From Mr Van Rompuy's answer to this letter, which we have in the meantime received, it appears that in principle the Commission has to examine compliance with Member States' legislation against European values and laws, as set out in Article 7(1), (2) and (3) of the Treaty on European Union. If there is a threat of a serious breach of the values referred to in Article 2, TEU, by a Member State, it is up to the Commission, among others, to submit a reasoned proposal to the Council, specifying the breach. If a serious and persistent breach of the values referred to in Article 2 is established, the Commission can propose to the European Council that the latter should determine the extent of the violation. This could lead to measures against the Member State. Mr Van Rompuy indicated that he had received no such proposals. What is the Commission's position with regard to Mr Van Rompuy's answer? Does the Commission intend to examine the electoral rules in Spain and to check that they are consistent with the values listed in Article 2 of the TEU? Is the Commission aware of the legal problems during the recent local elections in Spain? What view does it take on this matter? Has it held consultations with Spain on the subject and