assets and liabilities; (c) a motion for a resolution containing comments accompanying the proposal for a decision referred to in point (a) including both an assessment of the Commission's budgetary management over the financial year and observations relating to the implementation of expenditure for the future; (d) as an Annex, a list of the documents received from the Commission and those requested but not received; (e) the opinions of the committees concerned. 2. If the committee responsible proposes postponing the discharge decision, the relevant motion for a resolution shall also set out, inter alia : (a) the reasons for postponement; (b) the further action that the Commission is expected to take and the deadlines for doing so; (c) the documents required for Parliament to take an informed decision. Article 4 Consideration and vote in Parliament 1. Any report by the committee responsible concerning the discharge shall be included on the agenda of the first part-session following its tabling. 2. Amendments shall be admissible only to the motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with Article 3(1)(c). 3. Unless otherwise stipulated in Article 5, the vote on the proposals for decisions and the motion for a resolution shall follow the order of Article 3. 4. Parliament shall decide by a majority of the votes cast, in accordance with Article 231 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. Article 5 Procedural variants 1. April part-session vote In the first instance, the discharge report shall propose either to grant or to postpone discharge. (a) If a proposal to grant discharge secures a majority, discharge is granted. This shall also constitute closure of the accounts. If a proposal to grant discharge fails to secure a majority, discharge shall be deemed to be postponed and the committee responsible shall table a new report within six months containing a new proposal to grant or refuse to grant discharge. (b) If a proposal to postpone discharge is adopted, the committee responsible shall table a new report within six months containing a new proposal to grant or refuse to grant discharge. In this case the closure of accounts shall also be postponed and retabled with the new report. If a proposal to postpone discharge fails to secure a majority, discharge shall be deemed granted. In this instance the decision shall also constitute closure of the accounts. The motion for resolution may still be put to