Answer given by Mr Spidla on behalf of the Commission (23 December 2004) With regard to the general issue of relocations and collective redundancies, the Commission recalls the fact that it has no authority to prevent or defer the specific closure or a relocation of a company or a part thereof. It falls on the social partners and other third parties, notably public bodies, to negotiate with the company a possible alternative. The Community framework provides, however, for numerous provisions in relation to both the issue of financial support and worker information and consultation mechanisms. The following principles apply with regard to the provision of state aids and structural fund support in relation to industrial restructuring: first, the general Regulation on the Structural Funds Council Regulation (EC) No 1260/1999 of 21 June 1999 laying down general provisions on the Structural Funds, OJ L 161, 26.6.1999 , Article 30(4)(b) 4. The Member States shall ensure that an operation retains the contribution from the Funds only if that operation does not, within five years of the date of the decision of the competent national authorities or the managing authority on the contribution of the Funds, undergo a substantial modification: (a) affecting; and (b) resulting either from a change in the nature of ownership in an item of infrastructure or a cessation or change of the location in a productive activity. provides that productive activities retain the contribution from the funds only if the location of these activities does not change in the five years following the decision to award the contribution; second, for a major project (i.e. over EUR 50 million) to receive co-financing under a European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) programme, a specific request must be submitted to the Commission and the Member States must complete a questionnaire containing a question on the possibility of it giving rise to a relocation. This aspect is taken into account by the Commission in deciding on the level of ERDF co-financing (up to 35% in the Objective 1 regions) which may be awarded, if any. The Commission proposes for the future 2007-2013 programming period for Structural and Cohesion Funds to reinforce the provisions related to relocation of enterprises. The time-span required to maintain a productive investment has been extended. To retain support from the Funds, undertakings shall maintain their productive investment within a seven-year period following the date of the decision granting the Funds'