1965, and to Article 4(2) of the Act of 20 September 1976 concerning the Election of Representatives to the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage, - having regard to the judgements of the Court of Justice of the European Communities of 12 May 1964 and 10 July 1986 Case 101/63 , Wagner v Fohrmann and Krier [1964] ECR 195 and Case 149/85 Wybot v Faure [1986] ECR 2391. , - having regard to Rules 6 and 6a of its Rules of Procedure, - having regard to the report of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market ( A5-0450/2003 ), A. Whereas Article 10(a) of the Protocol confers on Members of the European Parliament in their own state immunity from legal proceedings equivalent to that of a Member of the Parliament of that state, B. Whereas Mr. Olivier Dupuis was elected as a Member of Parliament from Italy, notwithstanding that he is a Belgian citizen, C. Whereas Mr. Dupuis has been subjected to legal proceedings in Italy, in connection with public actions concerning the use of prohibited drugs, D. Whereas such actions were clearly a part of his political activity carried on in good faith and involving collective acts of symbolic law-breaking, E. Whereas, however, it appears that Members of the Italian Parliament do not enjoy Parliamentary immunity in respect of legal proceedings in such circumstances, F. Whereas on the evidence provided, Mr Dupuis is not protected by Parliamentary immunity in respect of the legal proceedings which have been drawn to the attention of the President of the European Parliament; 1. Decides that it would not be appropriate to take any action to raise questions concerning Mr Dupuis' political activity with the Italian authorities. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT I. Facts of the case 1. In the context of a non-violent action of civil disobedience carried out in Rome in 1997, Mr Dupuis, a Belgian citizen elected Member of the European Parliament in Italy with the " Lista della Associazione Politica Pannella/Bonino ", together with other twenty militants, was distributing freely hashish, after prior notification to the authorities. The purpose of such action, which had taken place before in some many occasions, was said to highlight the irrational nature of the punitive prohibitionist laws in force in Italy. 2. As a consequence of the above-mention action, Mr Dupuis and twenty more radical militants and leaders were arraigned by the Italian judicial authorities