is therefore now proposing an amending regulation. The new text [Article 1 (a)(II)] means that fishermen can now receive an individual lump sum even if the fishing vessel on which they worked has not permanently ceased its activity. The rapporteur is in favour of the amended regulation. The two amendments she presents push back the final date for granting aid for early-retirement schemes and for diversification or training activities to 30 June 2005. The rapporteur basically wants the authorities to have more time to spend the money. In the Commission text, this later date was applied only to the individual lump sums . Another proposed amendment states that social measures should be automatically foreseen in cases where international agreements are not renewed or where stock recovery plans are implemented. EU-Mozambique Fisheries Agreement Struan STEVENSON (EPP-ED, Scotland) Report on the proposal for a Council decision on the conclusion of the Fisheries Agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Mozambique ( COM(2003) 419 – C5-0354/2003 – 2003/0154(CNS)) Doc.: A5-0406/2003 Procedure : Consultation Debate : 03.12.2003 In 1988 the EC and Mozambique signed a fisheries agreement which was terminated by the latter in 1993, because it considered that the agreement did not promote the development of its fishing sector. A new agreement has now been negotiated for a period of three years. The financial compensation amounts to € 4,090,000 a year. Although most licences are for shrimp fishing, the agreement is also important because it will add to the network of EU tuna agreements in the region [tuna are a migratory species - that means they do a lot of swimming and the more places you can catch them the better]. The rapporteur Struan STEVENSON (EPP-ED, UK) considers the new agreement as a " model " for the EU's relations with third countries under the reformed CFP because it involves fishing for stocks that are in a good state and, on the other hand, real account is taken of the need to develop the local fishing industry. The entire financial compensation will be allocated to measures targeted at developing the sector and improving surveillance. All Community vessels will be controlled by satellite. The three amendments proposed by the rapporteur are " standard " for all fishing agreements, since the EP feels that it is badly informed about their negotiation and application. Under the agreement, 35 freezer tuna seiners will operate in