The Week Ahead 8-14 December The Week Ahead 8-14 December This week sees a series of meetings of Parliament's Committees and its political groups ahead of next weeks sitting in Strasbourg. Ahead of December's Session in Strasbourg Parliament’s political groups will devote most of the week to preparations for the 15-18 December plenary session in Strasbourg. The agenda includes a debate with French President Nicolas Sarkozy, votes on the climate change package, the working time directive, the 2009 EU Budget and measures to ensure those committing cross-border driving offences do not escape fines. A ceremony will mark the awarding of the 20th anniversary Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought to imprisoned Chinese dissident Hu Jia. European Council: On Thursday EP President Hans-Gert Pöttering will address EU leaders at the start of a summit focused on climate change, the economy and the Lisbon Treaty . President’s activities: President Pöttering will also have meetings with French President Nicolas Sarkozy in Paris on Tuesday) and Lithuanian Prime Minister Andrius Kubilius in Brussels, on Thursday. Jean-Claude Trichet: A few days after announcing a further cut in interest rates, the ECB President will take part in the last of this year’s quarterly monetary dialogue sessions with the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee on Monday . French Presidency: A number of French ministers, including Europe Minister Jean-Pierre Jouyet, will be taking part in meetings of EP committees as the French Presidency of the Council draws to a close on Monday . Climate change: A delegation of MEPs will be in Poznan for the UN climate change conference, as negotiations continue on the EU’s package of measures aimed at reducing CO2 emissions from Tuesday through to Sunday. Plenary briefing: Any changes to the plenary agenda will be announced at the regular press briefing at 11am on Friday in the Anna Politkovskaya room (PHS 0A050) in Brussels, with Parliament’s Press Service and the political groups spokespeople on hand to comment on the events of the week to come . 20081208INS43911 What's on?