increasing emphasis on communications strategies and communications tools, it should be recalled that any communications approach can only be as good as the content of the message it contains. Thus, communication is a complementary mechanism and not an end in itself. Second, whilst the Committee is fully committed to the twin processes of establishing a European-level communication strategy and enhancing communication tools, Union-level activity must be seen as complementary to the communications processes taking place within the Member States. Thus, such a European-level strategy is vitally necessary but it is far from sufficient. 3.7 In this context, the role of representative and consultative institutions at Member State level – national parliaments and national economic and social councils notably among them – as well as at regional and local level should be stressed. 4. Recommendations Start making participatory democracy a reality now! 4.1 The reasons and the logic which led the Committee to vote in favour of the Constitutional Treaty by such a large majority – particularly its provisions on the democratic life of the Union – remain the same. The Committee continues to believe firmly that the best way to guarantee the Union's democratic life is to anchor such provisions in a fixed constitutional settlement. However, the current period of uncertainty should not prevent all of the European Union's actors from taking measures as of now to start making participatory democracy a reality. All of the Union's institutions should therefore reflect actively on how they can: – give citizens and representative associations the opportunity to make known and publicly exchange their views in all areas of Union action; – maintain an open, transparent and regular dialogue with representative associations and civil society; – carry out broad consultations with parties concerned in order to ensure that the Union's actions are coherent and transparent. In addition, the European Commission should consider anticipating the provisions of Article I-47 (4) of the Constitutional Treaty by consulting civil society on the content of the European law defining the procedures for implementing the right of citizens' initiative (the EESC could be asked to deliver an exploratory opinion on this subject). 4.2 For its part, the European Economic and Social Committee reasserts its determination to play an important, if complementary, role in enhancing civil dialogue not only through traditional consultative mechanisms but also through its bridging function between Europe and organised civil society. The Committee draws attention