Answer given by Mrs Reding on behalf of the Commission (23 April 2010) The Commission is committed to protecting the fundamental rights of persons with disabilities. Together with the Swedish Presidency of the Council, it worked actively to ensure that the Council adopted Decision 2010/48/EC of 26 November 2009 concerning the conclusion, by the European Community, of the United Nations (UN) Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities OJ L 23, 27.1.2010 . . While the adoption of that decision is an important milestone, it does not mark the end of the conclusion procedure. In accordance with Articles 3 and 4 of the decision, a code of conduct needs to be adopted before the instrument of formal confirmation can be deposited on behalf of the European Union. To that end, the Commission has drafted and forwarded to the Council a proposal for a code of conduct and is calling on the remaining Member States to speed up their ratification procedures. To date, the Convention has been ratified by 13 Member States (Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom (UK), and another seven Member States are expected to have finalised their procedures by the end of 2010. In the meantime, people with disabilities and their families living in the EU do not have to wait until the instrument of formal confirmation has been deposited with the UN Secretary-General and the Convention has been definitively concluded before enjoying the benefits of the EU's accession. First, pursuant to Article 18(b) of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties and of the corresponding rules of customary international law, as signatories to the Convention, both the EU and the remaining 14 Member States which have not yet ratified the Convention are already under an obligation to refrain from acts which would defeat the Convention’s object and purpose. Secondly, both the EU and the Member States are already engaged in activities to implement the Convention. In this connection, the Commission is using the latter as a reference in its work on a new European disability strategy, which will set out a plan of work and the priorities for the coming years.