WRITTEN QUESTION E-1560/05 by Raül Romeva i Rueda (Verts/ALE) and David Hammerstein Mintz (Verts/ALE) to the Commission (28 April 2005) Subject: Imports of genetically modified Bt‑10 maize seeds I have learned that Spain (from 2001 to 2004) was importing genetically modified Bt‑10 maize seeds (an unauthorised variety) for use in research. In the same years, the European Union imported some 1102 tonnes of Bt‑10 maize, wrongly labelled as the authorised Bt-11 variety. Apparently the company responsible, Syngenta, discovered in mid-January that the Bt-10 had been mistakenly identified as Bt-11. The Commission was informed of this confusion on 22 March 2005 and on 31 March Syngenta explained that the Bt‑10 maize contains a gene which makes it resistant to the widely used antibiotic ampicillin, which is similar to penicillin. In view of all this, does the Commission know what happened to the Bt‑10 maize imported by Spain? Furthermore, does it know whether it was deliberately imported, or whether Syngenta really mixed it up with the authorised Bt‑11 maize? Does the Commission have evidence that Spain imported Bt-11 maize from Syngenta between 2001 to 2005? If so, was it used for animal or human consumption? Does the Commission have evidence of the mistake made by Syngenta? What action is it going to take? What measures is it going to take to make Syngenta responsible for all damage caused, on the ‘polluter pays’ principle? What checks were carried out to guarantee that the imported maize was really Bt‑11? Why did these checks fail? What analytical methods exist to detect the presence of Bt‑10 seeds in other varieties? What are the possible effects of the consumption of Bt‑10 maize, in both environmental and health terms? Is the Commission planning to take measures to prevent products being contaminated with unauthorised genetically modified varieties in future? How is the Commission going to guarantee the non-contamination of both organic and conventional crops by genetically modified organisms? Does the Commission intend to take any initiative with regard to the Spanish Government’s royal decree on the coexistence of genetically modified and conventional crops? Does the Commission agree that incidents like the one described demonstrate the need for a moratorium on the use of GMOs, in accordance with the precautionary principle?