It should only be possible to count final recovery measures towards the recovery target. This will promote greater recycling efficiency and innovation in recovery and recycling technologies. Pre-processing should not be taken into account in calculating recovery targets, either. Amendment 51 Council position Article 11 – paragraph 4 Council position Amendment 4. Member States shall ensure that, for the purpose of calculating these targets, producers or third parties acting on their behalf keep records on the weight of WEEE, their components, materials or substances when leaving (output) the collection facility, entering (input) and leaving (output) the treatment facilities and when entering (input) the recovery or recycling/preparing for re-use facility. 4. Member States shall ensure that, for the purpose of calculating these targets, producers or third parties acting on their behalf keep records on the weight of used EEE, WEEE, their components, materials or substances when leaving (output) the collection facility, entering (input) and leaving (output) the treatment facilities and when entering (input) and leaving (output as overall percentage) the recovery or recycling/preparing for re-use facility. Justification Targets can currently be met by performing only sorting and pre-processing at an R12 recovery facility and then sending all the sorted WEEE fractions on to real recovery operations at another recovery facility. It should not be permissible to consider only input and output at an R12-13 type of recovery facility for the achievement of the targets. The recovery and recycling achieved at the final recovery facility should be taken into account. Amendment 52 Council position Article 11 – paragraph 6 Council position Amendment 6. On the basis of a report of the Commission accompanied, if appropriate, by a legislative proposal, the European Parliament and the Council shall, by …*, re-examine the recovery targets referred to in Annex V, Part 3, and re-examine the calculation method referred to in paragraph 2 with a view to analysing the feasibility of setting targets on the basis of products and materials resulting (output) from the recovery, recycling and preparation for re-use processes. deleted _______ * OJ: P lease insert the date - 7 years from the date of entry into force of this Directive. Justification As Article 11(2) lays down that recovery rates are to be measured in relation to output, it is not necessary to re-examine whether the output rates should possibly be applied in future. This decision has already been taken in Article 11(2). Amendment