that the Commission will take on the follow up to the Green paper on public sector information, it is foreseen that a high level working group on public sector information is established, consisting of Member States representatives, actors from the information industries, consumers organisations and other representatives of citizens interests. It will not only give guidance to the different initiatives in this field (follow-on to the Green Paper on public sector information in the Information Society, COM(1998) 585 ), but can also be an important platform for the detection and dissemination of best practices. Without prejudice to the final decision that the Commission will take on the follow up to the Green paper on public sector information, it is foreseen that a high level working group on public sector information is established, consisting of Member States and European Parliament representatives, actors from the information industries, representatives of European content providers, consumer organisations and other representatives of citizens' interests. It will not only give guidance to the different initiatives in this field (follow-on to the Green Paper on public sector information in the Information Society, COM(1998) 585 ), but can also be an important platform for the detection and dissemination of best practices. (Amendment 47) Annex I (3) third paragraph a (new) The actions should compile the experience in the Member States, for example within "centres of expertise". The principal concern will be to give access to examples of "best practice". (Amendment 48) Annex I(4), first paragraph The programme execution will be supported by actions aiming at the dissemination of the results (e.g. publications, world wide web sites, conferences showcasing projects) as well as strategic operations (e.g. studies and fora) bringing together different parts of the content and languages markets. The programme execution will be supported by actions aiming at the dissemination of the results (e.g. publications, world wide web sites, conferences showcasing projects) as well as strategic operations (e.g. studies and for a) bringing together all those involved in the creation and exploitation of digital content. (Amendment 49) Annex II 1. Stimulating the exploitation of public sector information 48% - 52% 1. Stimulating the exploitation of public sector information 33% - 37% 2. Enhancing linguistic and cultural customisation 38% - 42% 2. Enhancing linguistic and cultural customisation 46% - 50% 3. Supporting market enablers 5% - 9% 3. Supporting market enablers 13% - 17% 4. Support actions 3% - 4%