Answer given by Mr Piebalgs on behalf of the Commission (7 January 2010) Pursuant to the internal energy market legislation and particularly the provisions of the Electricity Directive Directive 2003/54/EC of 26 June 2003 concerning common rules for the internal market in electricity and repealing Directive 96/92/EC, OJ L 176, 15.7.2003. , Member States ensure the monitoring of security of supply and, in the same spirit, Member States, in the interest of the security of supply, are responsible for authorisation procedures for new generation capacity. The Commission is therefore not in a position to comment on specific Member States' decisions to opt for using specific fuels in power generation. Moreover, due to the lack of an appropriate monitoring tool, the Commission has for the time being limited information on the plans for new generation capacity. To remedy this situation, the Commission adopted in July 2009 a proposal for a new Council regulation COM(2009)0361 final. concerning the notification of investment projects in energy infrastructure within the EU to the Commission. As regards the implications for long-term abatement of CO 2 , the Commission would like to stress that new gas and coal power plants have to follow the rules on carbon capture and storage (CCS)-readiness. According to Article 33 of the so-called CCS Directive Directive 2009/31/EC of 23 April 2009 on the geological storage of carbon dioxide, OJ L 140, 5.6.2009. , Member States have to ensure that operators of all new combustion plants with a rated electrical output of 300 megawatt (MW) or more deploy them as CCS-ready. The Commission considers that this provision should ensure that CCS technologies will be applied on already operating installations as soon as the costs of CCS and the price of CO 2 make such application economically viable. As regards the increasing gas import dependency of the EU, the Commission has identified a number of concrete actions to enhance security of supply in the EU Energy Security and Solidarity Action Plan COM(2008)781 final. Second Strategic Energy Review. An EU energy security and solidarity action plan. . Furthermore, the development of interconnections in the gas networks (for example through proposed regulation concerning the security of gas supplies, the European Energy Programme for Recovery, and TEN‑E) will increase the resilience of the gas network and mitigate potential consequences of any gas disruption.