once, for a period of not more than five years. 4. The term of office of the Executive Director and of the Directors shall be five years. On a proposal from the Commission , after hearing the opinion of the representative appointed by the European Parliament and after an evaluation, their term of office may be extended once, for a period of not more than five years. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT The renewal of the terms of office of the directors of the 18 decentralised agencies and bodies set up under the first pillar raises a legal problem which has been identified by the Commission's legal service. The use of the term 'renewable' in the basic regulations for the various agencies harks back to Article 214(1) of the EC Treaty, on appointing Commission Members, and Articles 223 and 225 on appointing Court of Justice Judges. In neither case, however, may a simplified procedure be applied. If the same practice were applied, the various agencies would have to follow the lengthy -and expensive - appointment procedure laid down in the basic regulations in order to extend the term of office of their respective directors. To solve this problem, the Commission has submitted to us 18 proposals for regulations for the purpose of amending the various basic regulations. Your rapporteur approves the Commission proposals but is taking this opportunity to give Parliament a role in the procedures for the appointment, and renewal of the term of office of, the directors of the agencies in question. 24.11.2005 OPINION of the Committee on Transport and Tourism for the Committee on Legal Affairs on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation(EC) No 1592/2002 as regards the term of office of the Executive Director and the Directors of the European Aviation Safety Agency ( COM(2005)0190 – C6‑0151/2005 – 2005/0087(COD) ) Draftsman: Paolo Costa SHORT JUSTIFICATION In the EU there are now 20 decentralised bodies which can be categorised as Community agencies. One of them is EASA, the European Aviation Safety Agency, established by Regulation 1(EC) No 592/2002. Agency directors are usually nominated for 4 to 5 years. At the end of that period, the body responsible for appointment until recently simply adopted a decision extending the incumbent director's term of office. The Commission thinks this practice poses a legal problem; according to interpretation of the Treaty and practice followed for