and the budgetary resources allocated to the necessary instruments and programmes. The 25 Member States confirmed, during the last European Council, that the European education area should be developed by encouraging geographical and occupational mobility Presidency conclusions, Brussels European Council, March 2005. Paragraph 35. . The EU budgetary allocation should, therefore, be coherent with this political message. 27. COMENIUS student language projects could be improved. Whereas ERASMUS gives the students the opportunity of moving individually to study abroad, COMENIUS language projects involve a minimum of 10 pupils, what makes it more complex from the organisational side. 28. Funding for an ERASMUS style project for pupils aged from 16 to 18 should be envisaged to cover this gap as the current ERASMUS action on students' mobility is only available to university students. 29. In its proposal for a new programme in the sector of education, the Commission proposes a new mobility action within COMENIUS, addressed to upper secondary school pupils. 30. With regard to ERASMUS, the mobility grants are intended as a contribution to cover the extra costs involved in studying abroad, such as travel expenses, language preparation costs and higher general costs of living in the host country. 31. The limited amount of the monthly mobility grant (€ 150) has contributed to enrolling the ERASMUS programme only to those students who have the means to pay the difference with their own resources. An increase of the ERASMUS student mobility grant should, therefore, be decided in order to directly benefit the students. This increase should be decided without increasing the administrative expenses and could also contribute to reaching the 10% mobility goal, above mentioned At the moment Erasmus mobility will have to double and affect 2% of the student population per year to reach this 10% mobility goal. Commission staff working paaper: Progress towards the Lisbon objectives. Part B VII. SEC (2005)419. . Youth (budget line 15 07 02) 32. The main objectives of this programme are to promote an active contribution of young people to the building of Europe, to strengthen their sense of solidarity, to encourage young people's initiative and to reinforce cooperation by fostering the exchange of good practices. It covers five actions: youth for Europe, European voluntary service, youth initiatives, joint actions and support measures. 33. The financial framework for the Youth action programme for the period 2000-2006 at EU 15 was € 520 million Decision N°1031/2000/EC.