Answer given by Ms Kroes on behalf of the Commission (18 November 2011) Media freedom and pluralism are important priorities for the Commission. Parliament has underlined the fundamental role of media freedom in its Resolution on media law in Hungary (P7 TA (2011) 0094). Given these concerns the Commission has decided not to await the results of a lengthy monitoring exercise on all aspects of pluralism and embracing all Member States. EU strategy should instead find solutions to actual problems. The Commission therefore launched a high level group (IP/11/1173 http://europa.eu/rapid/pressReleasesAction.do?reference=IP/11/1173&type=HTML ) to reflect upon media freedom and media pluralism and to report back, with recommendations to ensure improved implementation of existing measures intended to secure these objectives at Member State and EU levels and to outline any further measures required. The group chaired by the former President of Latvia, Professor Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga, will report back within one year. Its output will in the Commission's view be much more timely than the two years or more necessary for implementing the monitoring tool, comprising the following steps: issue a tender; evaluate offers; run a major study programme across all 27 Member States; for all Member States to review relevant country analysis and comment; for their comments to be analysed; and the comments to be incorporated into the final study. The MPM tool is however in the public domain and could be implemented by third parties such as NGOs, public authorities or academic bodies to cover one or more Member States. The Commission does not rule out deploying the tool itself at some point in future if appropriate. The cost of the study — service contract 305685-2007 — of EUR 472 725 was published in Tenders Electronic Daily. Moreover, on 7 November 2011 the Commission has awarded EUR 600 000 for a new Centre for Media Pluralism and Media Freedom in the European University Institute's (EUI) Robert Schuman Centre for Advanced Studies. Starting in December 2011, the Centre will develop new ideas on how to ensure a highly diverse and free media, and work to enhance the quality of the reflection on media pluralism in Europe.