in commitment appropriations of 4% and in payment appropriations of 6%. It proposes to draw upon 1.09% of EU Gross National Income (GNI) in commitment appropriations, significantly below the figure initially proposed by the Commission in the context of the Financial Perspective for 2007-2013. The PDB has 121.3 € billion in commitment appropriations and 112.6 € billion in payment appropriations. Transport in the Preliminary Draft Budget The table attached shows for each transport line the commitment and payment appropriations proposed in the PDB for 2006 with the equivalent figures for 2005 and the difference between them. It also shows utilisation rates for 2004. In overall terms the increase in appropriations for transport, at 3.8% and 5.7 % for commitments and payments respectively is a little below the overall percentage increase in the PDB .For all transport lines 896.3 € million is proposed in commitments and 837.6 € million in payments. Certain lines give rise to particular observations. 6.7 € million is proposed for a new executive agency to manage the preparation of Trans European Transport ( TEN-T) projects which will begin to come on stream in 2007, the first year of the proposed new Financial Perspective. There is a shift in expenditure on the European Aviation Safety Agency from staff and administrative expenditure to operational expenditure. For the European Maritime Safety Agency there is a 63% increase in appropriations for anti-pollution measures, partly because of front-loading in the programme. There would be a 17% increase in operational expenditure for the European Railway Agency. The Galileo Supervisory Authority would also receive substantially increased funding as it begins to become operational. Transport Safety and Passengers' Rights also benefit from considerable proposed increases in expenditure, in part reflecting a new legislative landscape in the latter case. Commitment and payment appropriations for the Marco Polo programme are also increased to 34.6 € million and 15.4 € million respectively . There are also reductions. The funding of measures to promote sustainable mobility is reduced to 9 € million in commitment appropriations, a reduction of 20%. However implementation rates for this line are low. Commitment appropriations for sustainable surface transport are reduced by 40% to 32.7 € million, a very big decrease in resources for developing environmentally friendly and efficient transport modes and rebalancing between modes. This is difficult to accept at face value as the commitments implementation rate for the last full budget year, 2004,