during which the Commission may grant derogations. 3. The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts , where necessary to take account of environmental, economic and technical developments, in accordance with Article 9 : (a) to provide methodological guidance ; and (b) to update the Annexes referred to in paragraph 1 as regards the information referred to in paragraph 2(c) to (e) . In exercising its power pursuant to this paragraph, the Commission shall ensure that its delegated acts do not impose significant additional administrative burdens on the Member States and on the respondent units. Article 4 Pilot studies 1. The Commission shall draw up a programme for pilot studies to be carried out by Member States on a voluntary basis in order to develop reporting and improve data quality, establish long time series and develop methodology. The programme shall include pilot studies to test the feasibility of introducing new environmental economic account modules. In drawing up the programme, the Commission shall ensure that no additional administrative or financial burdens are placed on the Member States and on the respondent units. 2. The findings of the pilot studies shall be evaluated and published by the Commission, taking into account the benefits of the availability of the data in relation to the cost of collection and the administrative burden of responding. These findings shall be taken into account in the proposals for introducing new environmental economic account modules that the Commission may include in the report referred to in Article 11a. Article 5 Data collection 1. In accordance with the Annexes of this Regulation, Member States shall collect the necessary data for the observation of the ▌characteristics referred to in Article 3(2)(c) . 2. Member States shall collect the necessary data using a combination of the different sources specified below and applying the principle of administrative simplification: (a) surveys; (b) statistical estimation procedures in cases where some of the characteristics have not been observed for all of the units; (c) administrative sources. 3. Member States shall inform the Commission and shall provide details concerning the methods ▌and ▌sources used . Article 6 Transmission to the Commission (Eurostat) 1. Member States shall transmit to the Commission (Eurostat) the data set out in the Annexes, including the confidential data, within the time limits specified therein. 2. The data shall be transmitted in an appropriate technical format, which is to be laid down