such consultations, who shall report back to the Conference of Presidents. 6. The Conference of Presidents shall draw up the draft agenda of Parliament's part-sessions. 7. The Conference of Presidents shall be the authority responsible for the composition and competence of committees, committees of inquiry, joint parliamentary committees, standing delegations and ad hoc delegations. 8. The Conference of Presidents shall decide how seats in the Chamber are to be allocated pursuant to Rule 34. 9. The Conference of Presidents shall be the authority responsible for authorising the drawing up of own-initiative reports. 10. The Conference of Presidents shall submit proposals to the Bureau on administrative and budgetary matters concerning the political groups. Rule 26 Duties of the Quaestors The Quaestors shall be responsible for administrative and financial matters directly concerning Members, in accordance with guidelines laid down by the Bureau. Rule 27 Conference of Committee Chairs 1. The Conference of Committee Chairs shall consist of the Chairs of all standing or special committees. It shall elect its chair. In the absence of the Chair, the meeting of the Conference shall be chaired by the oldest Member, or, in the absence of the latter, by the oldest Member present. 2. The Conference of Committee Chairs may make recommendations to the Conference of Presidents about the work of committees and the drafting of the agenda of part-sessions. 3. The Bureau and the Conference of Presidents may instruct the Conference of Committee Chairs to carry out specific tasks. Rule 28 Conference of Delegation Chairs 1. The Conference of Delegation Chairs shall consist of the Chairs of all standing interparliamentary delegations. It shall elect its chair. In the absence of the Chair, the meeting of the Conference shall be chaired by the oldest Member, or, in the absence of the latter, by the oldest Member present. 2. The Conference of Delegation Chairs may make recommendations to the Conference of Presidents about the work of the delegations. 3. The Bureau and the Conference of Presidents may instruct the Conference of Delegation Chairs to carry out specific tasks. Rule 29 Accountability of the Bureau and the Conference of Presidents 1. The minutes of the Bureau and the Conference of Presidents shall be translated into the official languages, printed and distributed to all Members of Parliament and shall be accessible to the public, unless the Bureau or the Conference of Presidents exceptionally, for reasons of confidentiality, as