Question for written answer E-5549/2010 to the Commission Rule 117 Ádám Kósa (PPE) (19 July 2010) Subject: Dealing with the impact of natural disasters on European logistics The eruption of the Icelandic volcano caused serious damage to the players involved in European air traffic (both passenger and freight) and highlighted the mounting risk of the air traffic system collapsing in the future. Furthermore, belated and in some cases contradictory decisions were taken in the Member States in response to the problems raised by and consequences of what happened during the volcanic activity. As is well known, a large number of European flights were cancelled and many leading European airports had to be closed as a result of the disruption caused to European air traffic. The security and safety of passengers was the first priority during the closure of the airports. However, another important aspect of the safety and security of the population appears to have been neglected, namely those citizens who were at home and expected goods and services to be provided on a normal basis. This created a unique situation calling for a new kind of ‘emergency plan’ based on the answers to the following questions: Which goods should have priority? What other means of transport should be used? Which alternative routes can be devised? This is equally important for passenger transport services. The lack of proper and accessible information confused passengers and service providers alike: they had no one to contact and no proper procedures to follow in order to obtain assistance. It was the same for industries with regard to goods deliveries. This experience raises — in general — some important issues concerning not just air traffic but also other means of transport. These issues cannot be considered without a review of the regulations and specific rules on safety and security. During this review, the opportunity should be taken to establish a European contingency plan, including a decision matrix, setting responsibilities, appointing lead agencies and regulating drivers. Therefore, my specific questions are as follows: 1. Would the Commission agree that, with efficient controls in place, including suitable coordination and transparency of the European supply chain at EU level, a European model of the value chain is necessary in order to secure the efficiency of Europe's economies as well as quality of life? 2. What steps have been already taken by the Commission with a view to making