Directive. ** OJ: P lease insert the year - 8 years after the year of entry into force of this Directive. ** Date 18 months after the entry into force of this Directive. ***OJ: P lease insert the date - 1 January of the year 4 years after the year of entry into force of this Directive. Justification Manufacturers cannot be made responsible for efforts to achieve the collection rate targets, since they have no influence on other actors who collect WEEE. A manufacturer is not a legal person who can meet an overall collection rate target. The Member States are being encouraged to clamp down on illegal shipments. The collection rate should be established on the basi s of the amount of waste arising , and not on the basis of the irrelevant factor of the number of new appliances. Due account is taken of the differing life cycles of products in the Member States. The directive thus takes account of non-saturated markets and appliances with a long life cycle (photovoltaic modules). Amendment 37 Council position Article 7 – paragraph 2 Council position Amendment 2. In order to establish whether the minimum collection rate has been achieved, Member States shall ensure that information concerning the WEEE that is separately collected in accordance with Article 5 is notified to them . 2. In order to establish whether the minimum collection rate has been achieved, Member States shall ensure that relevant actors communicate, at no cost to the Member States, in accordance with Article 16 and on an annual basis, information on WEEE that has been: – prepared for re - use or sent to treatment facilities by any actor; – taken to collection facilities in accordance with Article 5(2)(a); – taken to distributors in accordance with Article 5(2)(b); – separately collected by producers or third parties acting on their behalf ; or – separately collected by other means. Justification Member States are responsible for meeting the collection target and must report the quantity of WEEE collected in accordance with Article 16(5). For that reason, it is important that all separately collected quantities be reported to them. In this context it is necessary to make it clear that reports must be submitted on all quantities and, for example, that quantities which are directly transported to treatment facilities must also be accounted for. Amendment 38 Council position Article 7 – paragraph 3