1225/2009 Article 11 – paragraph 5 – subparagraphs 1 and 2 The relevant provisions of this Regulation with regard to procedures and the conduct of investigations, excluding those relating to time-limits, shall apply to any review carried out pursuant to paragraphs 2, 3 and 4. Reviews carried out pursuant to paragraphs 2 and 3 shall be carried out expeditiously and shall normally be concluded within 12 months of the date of initiation of the review. In any event, reviews pursuant to paragraphs 2 and 3 shall be concluded within 15 months of initiation. In exceptional cases, having regard to the complexity of the investigation, the Commission may decide, no later than 9 months after the initiation of the investigation, to extend this time limit, for a period up to, but in no case longer than, 18 months. Reviews pursuant to paragraph 4 shall in all cases be concluded within nine months of the date of initiation. If a review carried out pursuant to paragraph 2 is initiated while a review under paragraph 3 in ongoing in the same proceeding, the review pursuant to paragraph 3 shall be concluded at the same time as the review pursuant to paragraph 2. The relevant provisions of this Regulation with regard to procedures and the conduct of investigations, excluding those relating to time-limits, shall apply to any review carried out pursuant to paragraphs 2, 3 and 4. Reviews carried out pursuant to paragraphs 2 and 3 shall be carried out expeditiously and shall normally be concluded within 12 months of the date of initiation of the review. In any event, reviews pursuant to paragraphs 2 and 3 shall be concluded within 14 months of initiation. No later than seven and a half months after the initiation of the investigation pursuant to Article 6 the Commission shall consult the Member States on the basis of the findings of the investigation. The Member States shall in this consultation indicate to the Commission whether they expect an intense controversy in the decision making process pursuant to Article 9 for definitive action which would be likely to trigger the appeal procedure referred to in Article 6 of Regulation (EU) No 182/2011. If so the Commission may decide, no later than 8 months after the initiation of the investigation, to extend the time limit for a period up to, but in no case longer than, 15 months. The Commission