WRITTEN QUESTION E-3572/05 by Ashley Mote (NI) to the Commission (12 October 2005) Subject: Financial controls and accountability The ambivalent replies from Mrs Grybauskaitė to Questions E‑2378/05, E‑2381/05 and E‑2383/05 raise even more questions than before. Moreover, given the subject-matter, may I ask why Mr Kallas did not respond? Was he even consulted? As supplementary questions, I now ask the Commission: 1. Is the Commissioner not aware that the President of OLAF, no less, at a meeting of the Budgetary Control Committee last autumn specifically said in answer to my direct question that OLAF ‘does not snoop’. His words, not mine. Will she check the tapes of that meeting? (If they still exist, that reply will have been recorded.) 2. Since a succession of whistleblowers have drawn attention to their concern that much of the corruption in the EU is inside the system and not downstream, does Mrs Grybauskaitė not agree that only a genuinely independent investigative body with full powers to enforce full disclosure at every level can bring about fundamental improvements in accountability for the disposal of public funds? 3. Is Mrs Grybauskaitė not aware that members of the Court of Auditors have freely admitted that they cannot audit at least 80 % of all EU expenditure, and have no auditing powers over any of the EU's 416 imprest accounts? Has she not briefed the President of the Commission, Mr Barroso, on this point, since he still appears not to understand the implications of that admission (his letter to me dated 1 September 2005). 4. Can Mrs Grybauskaitė clarify how, in such circumstances, the Court of Auditors can ever hope to ‘ensure sound financial management’ and meet the other requirements she quotes under Articles 246 to 248 of the Treaty — an admission conceded again only yesterday by the Court of Auditors in a meeting of the Budgetary Control Committee? 5. Can Mrs Grybauskaitė explain how the EU justifies enforcing the new International Financial Reporting Standards on public companies in the Member States while simultaneously remaining the public body least able to comply with its own requirements?