captures national realities. This should be taken into consideration for the entire text of the Directive. General agreement on adding “such”, as it refers to healthcare personnel It is very difficult to recognize international standards in most of the cases Amendment 40 Proposal for a directive Article 4 - paragraph 3 - point b - indent 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment – the recall of organs as referred in Article 11(2), – the management of serious adverse events and reactions as referred in Article 11(2), Justification The measures to adopt for a severe adverse event or reaction do not include necessarily the recall of organs, as defined in this directive. Occasionally, the events or the reactions appear when the organ has already been transplanted and, in that case, the transplantectomy for the recall of the organ may not be the most appropriate measure to adopt. Besides, the management of a particular safety problem would also include the revision and assessment of the procedures and results, in order to introduce corrective or preventive measures. Amendment 41 Proposal for a directive Article 4 - paragraph 3 - point b - indent 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment – the responsibilities of procurement organisations and transplantation centres in the process of reporting. – the responsibilities of procurement organisations and transplantation centres in the process of reporting and management . Justification When a serious adverse event or reaction appears it is mandatory to adopt a series of measures targeted to prevent. These measures do not necessarily include the recall of the organ, as defined in this Directive. Sometimes serious adverse events and reactions appear when the organ has been already grafted and transplantectomy (recall of the organ) might not be the most adequate measure to be adopted. Amendment 42 Proposal for a directive Article 4 – paragraph 3 – point b a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (ba) authorise, in life-threatening emergencies, transplant operations using an organ which is not optimal, after consultation between the healthcare personnel and the patient , or the patient's family where the patient is unable to state his or her choice. Amendment 43 Proposal for a directive Article 4 – paragraph 3 – point c Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (c) establish the qualifications required by the personnel involved at all stages of the chain from donation to transplantation or disposal, and develop