plant, the European Commission was asked to provide full information about the implementation of the Melk agreement. Lastly, the Czech parliament was called on to ratify the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court. Estonia Although Estonia has made determined efforts to prepare for accession, there are still a number of shortcomings, especially in areas such as mutual recognition of professional qualifications, labour law, and equal treatment of men and women. The Estonian government should make a greater effort to address the problem of stateless persons, who number some 165 000, while the stateless people themselves should also show more interest and motivation. More effort should also go into regional development, for example with regard to the Ida-Viru region. And Estonia needs to do more to ensure the liberalisation of the electricity and gas sectors by the end of 2008. Cyprus As the EU's aim is to ensure that the whole of Cyprus can join the European Union on 1 May, MEPs warmly welcomed the resumption of negotiations on 10 February under the auspices of the UN Secretary-General, who has set a tight schedule in order to achieve a solution before 1 May. In July last year, the UN Security Council stated that the Turkish Cypriot leader, Mr Denktaş, was to blame for the failure of the earlier negotiations. MEPs called on the Greek Cypriots to demonstrate their good faith and on the Turkish Cypriot leader to fully engage in the negotiations on the agreed basis of the Annan plan. According to Parliament, Mr Denktaş' attitude is at odds with the views held by the great majority of the Turkish Cypriot population. The committee called on Turkey to bring its full weight to bear to enable an agreement to be reached before accession and said that a failure to reach such an agreement could pose a serious obstacle to Turkey's European ambitions. MEPs were anxious at reports that the press is being intimidated in northern Cyprus and called on the authorities there to guarantee the safety of journalists and to safeguard freedom of expression and the rule of law. In addition, MEPs cited problems with the future Paying Agency for agricultural funds and with external trade mechanisms. Cyprus was urged to continue its efforts regarding maritime safety surveillance. Latvia In the case of Latvia, MEPs welcomed the restructuring and reinforcement of the country's administrative capacity and the reform of the