Answer given by Mr Cioloş on behalf of the Commission (15 September 2010) 1. The High Level Group on dairy was established by the Commission to look into the medium and long-term future of the dairy sector, particularly in view of phasing-out milk quotas. The objective was to prepare the sector to better respond to the challenges of higher competitiveness and better market orientation in the period leading up to 2015 and beyond. The High Level Group has finalised its report on 15 June 2010 with recommendations on: — contractual relations between milk producers and milk processors; — bargaining power of producers; — the possible role of inter-professional/inter-branch organisations in the dairy sector; — transparency in the dairy supply chain; — market measures and futures; — marketing standards and origin labelling; — innovation and research. The report has been discussed at the 12 July 2010 Council. Legislative proposals of the Commission on the aspects of contractual relations, bargaining power of producers and inter-branch organisations are foreseen before the end of 2010. Their aim will be to provide different measures for the better functioning of the dairy sector, including measures for price stabilisation. 2. The High Level Group recommends enhancing on a voluntary basis the use of formal written contracts, made in advance, to cover deliveries of raw milk. Member States could make the use of these contracts compulsory. The Commission continues its analysis and intends to present legislative proposals by the end of 2010 on that item. 3. Every Regulation of the European Union is a ‘pan-European’ Regulation. Regulations by their nature are directly applicable and legally binding in all Member States. The upcoming legislative proposals aim to provide measures for the better functioning of the dairy sector in all Member States of the European Union. 4. The export of milk and milk products is carried out not by milk producers but by dairies and traders. The competitiveness in non-EU markets is greatly depending on the quality of the exported products. High quality and high value added products (for example cheese) require high quality raw material; and that is the stage where producers can improve their competitiveness. In addition, Council Regulation (EC) No 3/2008 Council Regulation (EC) No 3/2008 of 17 December 2007 on information provision and promotion measures for agricultural products on the internal market and in third countries, OJ L 3, 5.1.2008. and Commission Regulation (EC) No 501/2008