a risk of dangerous interaction with foods and/or drugs taken concomitantly. A Member State may provide that the labelling and the user package leaflet shall also state the nature of the tradition in question. 3. In addition to the provisions laid down in Articles 86 to 99, any advertisement for a medicinal product registered under this chapter shall contain a statement to the effect that the product is traditionally used and that its efficacy relies on long-term use and experience. Article 16h 1. A Committee for Herbal Medicinal Products is hereby established. That Committee shall be part of the Agency. The Committee for Herbal Medicinal Products shall take over the tasks of the Committee for Human Medicinal Products with regard to the evaluation of herbal medicinal products. In cases where issues involve both committees, the Executive Director shall ensure appropriate coordination with a view to achieving a common position. 2. The Committee for Herbal Medicinal Products shall consist of one member nominated by each Member State for a term of 3 years, which shall be renewable. They shall, as appropriate, be chosen by reason of their role and experience (pharmacognosy, pharmacology, toxicology, extensive practical expertise of herbal medicine) in the evaluation of herbal medicinal products. They shall represent their competent authorities. 3. The Committee shall establish Community herbal monographs for herbal medicinal products with regard to the application of Article [10a] [10(1) , point (a) , point (ii)] as well as traditional herbal medicinal products. The appropriate coordination with the committee for Human Medicinal Products shall be ensured by the Executive Directive of the Agency according to Article 67(2) of Regulation (EC) No .../2002 [laying down Community procedures for the authorisation and supervision of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing a European Medicinal Products Agency] . The Committee shall fulfil further responsibilities conferred upon it by provisions of this chapter and other Community laws . When Community herbal monographs in the sense of this paragraph have been established they shall be used as the basis for any application. Other appropriate monographs, publications or data may be referred to by the applicant or by the competent authorities of Member States. When new Community herbal monographs are established, the registration holder shall within one year of the date of establishment of such a monograph, introduce a modification to the registration dossier in order to comply with that monograph. The