significantly the provisions on liability as compared to both the original Commission proposal and the EP position at first reading. The amendment aims to restore the EP position at first reading . Amendment 23 Council position – amending act Article 7 a (new) Council position Amendment Article 7a Damages 1 . In the event of the death of a passenger, the damages in respect of the liability provided for in Article 7 shall comprise: (a) any necessary costs following the passenger's death, in particular the cost of transporting the body and the funeral expenses; (b) if the death does not occur at once, the damages provided for in paragraph 2 2. In the event of personal injury or any other physical or mental harm to a passenger, the damages shall comprise: (a) any necessary costs, in particular those for treatment and for transport; (b) compensation for financial loss, due to total or partial incapacity to work, or to increased needs. 3. If, through the death of the passenger, a person whom the passenger had, or would have had, a legal duty to maintain is deprived of support, such persons shall also be compensated for that loss. Justification This provision was deleted by Council. The amendment restores EP position at first reading by re-introducing the provision on damages which is connected to Article 7 . Amendment 24 Council position – amending act Article 8 Council position Amendment Immediate practical needs of passengers Immediate practical and economic needs of passengers In the event of an accident arising out of the use of the bus or coach, the carrier shall provide reasonable assistance with regard to the passengers' immediate practical needs following the accident. Any assistance shall not constitute recognition of liability. In the event of an accident arising out of the use of the bus or coach, the carrier shall provide assistance with regard to the passengers' immediate practical needs following the accident. Such assistance shall include, where necessary, first aid, accommodation, food, cloth es, transport and funeral expenses . In the event of death or personal injury, the carrier shall in addition make advance payments to cover immediate economic needs on a basis proportional to the damage suffered, provided that there is prima facie evidence of causality attributable to the carrier. Any payments made , or assistance provided shall not constitute recognition of liability. Justification The original proposal as well as