a report on simplifying the budget procedure. - An implementing bloc, designed to ensure that the provisions of legislative acts are put into effect, and consisting of: - Decisions, intended to lay down the procedural conditions for implementing legislative and budgetary acts; - Implementing measures, which would lay down, in accordance with the law in question and the limits fixed by it, any provisions supplementing those adopted by the legislator. All implementing acts would have to be consistent with the corresponding legislative acts and would be subject to a general review of their lawfulness by the Court of Justice. The procedure for adopting and scrutinising any measures would differ depending on whether the legislative authority confers responsibility for that task on the Commission or on a separate authority (a specialist agency or a self-regulating body). If the Council or Parliament objects within three months to an implementing measure, it must be submitted to a co-decision procedure. In terms of implementation of EU Law, the Treaty, according to the draft resolution, should be amended to stipulate that the European Parliament and the Council have responsibility as the legislative authority on the basis of complete equality. Employment & Social Affairs Stronger Measures to Protect Workers against Asbestos Exposure Elisa Maria DAMIÃO (PES, P) Report on the Council common position for adopting a European Parliament and Council directive amending Council Directive 83/477/EEC on the protection of workers from the risks related to exposure to asbestos at work (9635/1/2002 – C5-0450/2002 – 2001/0165(COD)) Doc.: A5-0404/2002 Procedure : Codecision procedure (2 nd reading) Debate : 16.12.2002 Elisa Maria DAMIÃO (PES, P) on behalf of the Employment Committee will be recommending approval of the common position on exposure to asbestos at work, with only three proposed compromise amendments. By so doing, MEPs hope that the amended directive on the protection of workers from risks relating to exposure to asbestos at work will enter into force as soon as possible. In its common position, Council added a new point to the proposed directive with a view to banning all activities exposing workers to asbestos fibres, with the exception of demolition work and the disposal of waste products resulting from demolition and asbestos removal. MEPs welcome this ban as it goes further than the Commission proposal. The proposal seeks to reduce the exposure limit, which will now consist of a single limit as compared to two in the