Measures supra note 1, article 32 (1) . The respective amounts for Preparatory Actions are EUR 75 million per year , out of which a maximum of EUR 30 million for new actions See Interinstitutional Agreement 1999 supra note , point 37 (a) (ii); See Commission Regulation on Implementing Measures supra note 1, article 32 (2) .These actions can be entered for a maximum of three financial years. Pilot Projects and Preparatory Actions not only represent significant budgetary amounts (up to EUR 107 million per year), but have an important role in presenting Parliament’s political priorities and introducing new initiatives. For institutional reasons they also allow flexibility and autonomy for the EP outside legislative programmes. In most of the cases the budgetary decision relating to these activities precedes and gives rise to the legislative decision, reversing the usual order. The implementation of a Pilot Project or a Preparatory Action has to go through a certain number of steps foreseen by the Financial Regulation. Public Procurement and grant's provisions apply to pilot projects and preparatory actions. The Commission has first to analyse the specific objectives and ways of implementing the proposed action and, on this basis, attribute it to the responsible General Directorate . As to the deadlines to be fulfilled in the case of pilot projects and preparatory actions they are not explicitely mentioned in legislation they probably result from a combine reading on the Financial Regulation and the internal practice. The Commission does a detailed description of the procedure to be followed in its First Interim Report: "In the case of procurement, the preparation and the launching of the prior information notice can take from a minimum of 32 days to a maximum of 63 days. The tendering phase can take from a minimum of 85 days to a maximum of 195 days. The committing/contracting phase can take between a minimum of 55 days to a maximum of 203 days. In the case of grants there are no compulsory deadlines to respect, except for the Annual Working Programme, which has to be adopted by 31 January of the year concerned See Financial Regulation supra note 1 , article 110; See Commission Implementing Measures supra note 1 , article 166. . As soon as the Annual Working Programme is adopted, the preparation of the calls for proposals takes 30 days on average, whilst the answers are usually expected after a