information. 3. On request from the applicant authority, the requested authority may permit a competent official of the applicant authority to accompany the officials of the requested authority in the course of their investigations. 4. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2) . Article 7 Exchange of information without request 1. When a competent authority becomes aware of an intra-Community infringement, or reasonably suspects that such an infringement may occur , it shall notify the competent authorities of other Member States and the Commission, supplying all necessary information, without delay. 2. When a competent authority takes further enforcement measures or receives requests for mutual assistance in relation to the intra-Community infringement, it shall notify the competent authorities of other Member States and the Commission. 3. The measures necessary for the implementation of this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(2). Article 8 Requests for enforcement measures 1. A requested authority shall, on request from an applicant authority, take all necessary measures to bring about the cessation or prohibition of the intra-Community infringement without delay . 2. In order to fulfil its obligations under paragraph 1, the requested authority shall exercise the powers set out under Article 4(6) and any additional powers granted to the requested authority under national law. The requested authority shall determine , if necessary with the assistance of other public authorities, the measures to be taken to bring about the cessation or prohibition of the intra-Community infringement in a proportionate, efficient and effective way. 3. The requested authority may also fulfil its obligations under paragraphs 1 and 2 by instructing a body designated in accordance with Article 4(2) as having a legitimate interest in the cessation of intra-Community infringements to take all necessary measures available to it under national law to bring about the cessation or prohibition of the intra-Community infringement on behalf of the requested authority. In the event of a failure by the body to bring about the cessation or prohibition of the intra-Community infringement without delay, the obligations of the requested authority under paragraphs 1 and 2 shall remain. 4. The requested authority may only take the measures set out in paragraph 3 if, after consultation with the applicant authority on the use of those measures, both applicant and requested authority are