adopted in June 2000 calling for members to review their relations (under Article 33) with Burma because of its continuing large scale use of forced labour, Q. whereas the ILO Governing Body has stated that "at this stage, and on the basis of the information at our disposal, the growing feeling is that the 'wait-and-see' attitude that prevailed among Members, following the initiation of meaningful dialogue since 2001, appears to have lost its raison d'etre and cannot continue", 1. Condemns the total disregard of the Burma junta for the welfare of the people of Burma; 2. Condemns the terrorist attacks and asks for a policy of peaceful solution of political problems; 3. Deplores the Burmese regime's campaign of ethnic cleansing against several major ethnic groups fighting for autonomy; 4. Condemns the use of chemical weapons and urges the government of Burma to stop immediately any new attack using chemical arms; 5. Calls on the Burmese regime to rescind SPDC Law No.5/96 which makes it illegal (20-years sentence) to discuss constitutional matters outside the National Convention; 6. Calls on the SPDC to initiate immediately a meaningful dialogue with the NLD and ethnic groups to bring about a return to democracy and respect for human rights, including ethnic minorities' rights and state rights in Burma; 7. Demands the immediate release of and full freedom of movement and expression for Aung San Suu Kyi, Hkun Htun Oo, General Hso Hten, other political leaders, as well as all political prisoners held by the SPDC; 8. Insists that the SPDC respects the will of the people of Burma as expressed in the results of the 1990 elections; 9. Calls on the SPDC to modify National Convention procedures which currently do not allow delegates to discuss issues outside the set agenda, and considers all matters within the convention to be state secrets; 10. Insists that the EU's Common Policy on Burma be strengthened immediately by a) Officially stating that the EU will not consider accepting any outcome of the current national convention unless the minimum conditions laid down at the Sixth ASEM Foreign Ministers' Meeting in Kildare in April 2004 are met, b) Officially stating that the EU will not participate in the ASEAN Regional Forum, the ASEAN Post Ministerial Meeting and other ASEAN meetings and events should Burma/Myanmar become the chair of ASEAN in 2006 without meeting any of the minimum conditions, c) Re-defining the