Chapter V Final provisions Article 19 Committee 1. The Commission shall be assisted by a Committee . 2. Where reference is made to this paragraph, Articles 5 and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof. The period referred to in Article 5(6) of Decision 1999/468/EC shall be set at three months. 3. The Committee shall adopt its Rules of Procedure. Article 20 Committee tasks 1. The Committee may examine all matters relating to the application of this Regulation raised by its chairman, either on his own initiative or at the request of the representative of a Member State. 2. In particular, it shall examine and evaluate how the arrangements for cooperation provided for in this Regulation are working. Article 21 Reports 1. Member States shall communicate to the Commission the text of any provisions of national law that they adopt or of agreements, other than to deal with individual cases, that they conclude on matters covered by this Regulation. 2. Every two years from the date of entry into force of this Regulation, the Member States shall report to the Commission on the application of this Regulation. The Commission shall make these reports publicly available. 3. National reports shall address: a. any new information about the organisation, powers, resources or responsibilities of the competent authorities. b. any information concerning trends, means or methods of committing intra-Community infringements, particularly those that have revealed shortcomings or lacunae in this Regulation or in the laws that protect consumers" interests. c. any information on enforcement techniques that have proved their effectiveness. d. summary statistics relating to the activities of competent authorities such as actions under this Regulation , complaints received, enforcement actions and judgments . e. summaries of significant national interpretative judgments in the laws that protect consumers" interests. f. any other information relevant to the application of this Regulation . 4. The Commission shall submit to the European Parliament and the Council a report on the application of this Regulation on the basis of the reports of the Member States. Article 22 Entry into force This Regulation shall enter into force on the 20thday following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union. It shall apply from ... * One year following the date of entry into force. . The provisions on mutual assistance set out in Chapters II and III