EUR 2.8 billion in recent years or from 28.5% of the overall budget of the common agricultural policy to only about 6.5%. Amendment 2 Recital 1b (new) (1b) While the dairy sector accounts for about 6.5% of common agricultural policy spending, it represents no less than 13.8% of the total value of EU agricultural production. Amendment 3 Recital 1c (new) (1c) Furthermore, the EU's share of world dairy production has fallen from 25% to a current level of about 20%. Unfortunately, the less developed countries have not profited, or have hardly been able to profit, from this development. Amendment 4 Recital 1d (new) (1d) On the one hand, the milk quota regulation has made a significant contribution to securing the incomes of milk producers and stabilising the market but, on the other, it has resulted in milk quotas acquiring an economic value which has pushed up the cost of milk production in some Member States. Amendment 5 Recital 1e (new) (1e) Under the reforms agreed in Agenda 2000, milk production is set to increase by 2.9% by 2008 compared with 2000 because of an increase in quota, producer prices are likely to fall by 12.3% with only partial compensation, and the number of dairy cows will decline with corresponding positive effects on the beef market; as a result, the sector's overall income is likely to fall by EUR 2.8 billion. Amendment 6 Recital 1f (new) (1f) Furthermore, it follows from the current mid-term review proposals that the more far-reaching the reforms, the more negative the consequences will be for the EU budget and the sector's overall income. Earlier reforms (for example in the arable sector) lead to the conclusion that the resulting effect on consumer prices will, however, most likely be negligible. Amendment 7 Recital 1g (new) (1g) Only widespread milk production will continue to ensure extensive agricultural land use, particularly in grassland and disadvantaged areas; extensive agricultural land use is the only way of preventing the formation of steppe, woodland and scrub, as well as the rural exodus. Amendment 8 Recital 1h (new) (1h) The milk quota system should be maintained until 2015, because this will allow an adequate balance to be maintained on the milk market and will enable the income of producers to be stabilised. Moves to adjust the size of national quotas should be carefully assessed after the Agenda 2000 decisions have been implemented in their