WRITTEN QUESTION E-5571/08 by Andreas Mölzer (NI) to the Commission (15 October 2008) Subject: Cross Border Leasing In view of the ever-tighter budgets of regions and countries, in the 1990s increasing use was made of ‘sale and lease back’ and ‘lease and lease out’, so-called cross border leasing (CBL). These models have been used for sewage treatment works, canal systems, power stations, drinking water systems, suburban and underground railways, rail networks, exhibition centres and schools. This method was also employed to make public budgets ‘fit for Maastricht’. In many cases not enough thought was given to the time after the leasing contract had come to an end (usually after 20-100 years) and the public is not aware of the terms of the contracts or the terms for a return or repurchase. CBL with the USA is particularly popular because US tax regulations allow long-term leases to be treated like property. Estimates from the US Finance Ministry put the annual loss from the public purse as a result of CBL with European cities or businesses at over 10 billion dollars. In 2005, the American Finance Authority finally denoted CBL as improper tax evasion. Discussions have taken place about the extent to which the public corporations and suchlike would have to compensate, in this case, the American partner for the full loss of profit, in the case of a change in US tax legislation. All investments to maintain the original condition of the infrastructure are financed by public funds, which can result in huge compensation claims. All claims and demands are secured with a right of lien. Under US law the US Trust remains the owner, with the ensuing risk of loss, unlike in Europe, where security interest is usual. In view of the associated risks, which would be borne entirely by the state, many voices are demanding a ban on CBL with publicly-owned national wealth. 1. Are there statistics or estimates on how widespread CBL models of this kind are in the EU? 2. What is the current risk estimate, including in the context of US tax legislation? 3. To what extent is it to be feared that the current US financial crisis may have consequences for the CBL models? 4. Have any steps been taken towards a ban on CBL with publicly-owned national wealth?