9999/C Q999 E/040 WRITTEN QUESTION E-0050/04 by Camilo Nogueira Román (Verts/ALE) to the Commission (08 January 2004) Subject: Conflict over pollution - between the Celulosas de Pontevedra woodpulp factory (Ence, Galicia) and the people and municipal authorities of Pontevedra The Celulosas de Pontevedra woodpulp factory (Ence, Galicia) has occupied, for the last forty years and more, under an administrative concession, an area of publicly-owned land on the shore of the Ría de Pontevedra. This land is now effectively part of the built-up area of the municipality of Pontevedra. The factory's presence prevents further urban development between the two coastal municipalities of Pontevedra and Marín. The company, formerly publicly-owned and now privatised, has as its main shareholder the Caixa Galicia bank, which also supplies its chair. Favourably located on the Ria, the Ence factory operates a highly polluting production cycle: the pollution affects both water and air, has given rise to numerous protests from the public, and has for years now been the source of an open conflict between the company and Pontevedra's municipal authorities: both the general public and the municipal council wish to see the factory moved elsewhere. However, Ence, with the support of the Galician regional government, intends to consolidate the factory's presence, and, indeed, aims to obtain ownership of the valuable land that it occupies: on that basis, it would build a paper manufacturing plant which would process part of the woodpulp now produced. Ence is now seeking to enter into partnership with a US enterprise with a worldwide presence, namely the Atlanta-based Georgia Pacific Corporation. This company is well-known for being involved in conflicts over the environment and safety, and has been affected by major accidents (fires, explosions and toxic leaks) leading to the loss of lives and abusive deforestation in third-world countries. Is the Commission aware of the situation of the Celulosas de Pontevedra factory, its polluting impact, its location on publicly-owned urban land, its conflicts with civil society and the municipal authorities of the Ria (especially the Pontevedra council), and the failure of the Galician regional government and the Spanish central government to take the necessary preventive action against the severe damage being caused by this company to the local society and economy? Has the Commission taken action to prevent this serious damage? Has it taken any steps to institute the necessary surveillance and monitoring to stop the attempts to consolidate the woodpulp factory