the preceding subparagraph, shall be elected. At the second ballot, the candidate who obtains the highest number of votes shall be elected. In the event of a tie, the oldest candidate shall be elected. Where a second ballot is required, new candidates may be nominated. Rule 192 Committee coordinators and shadow rapporteurs 1. The political groups may designate one of their members as coordinator. 2. The committee coordinators shall if necessary be convened by their committee Chair to prepare decisions to be taken by the committee, in particular decisions on procedure and the appointment of rapporteurs. The committee may delegate the power to take certain decisions to the coordinators, with the exception of decisions concerning the adoption of reports, opinions or amendments. The Vice-Chairs may be invited to participate in the meetings of committee coordinators in a consultative role. The coordinators shall endeavour to find a consensus. When consensus cannot be reached, they may act only by a majority that clearly represents a large majority of the committee, having regard to the respective strengths of the various groups. 3. The political groups may designate a shadow rapporteur for each report to follow the progress of the relevant report and find compromises within the committee on behalf of the group. Their names shall be communicated to the committee Chair. The committee, on a proposal from the coordinators, may in particular decide to involve the shadow rapporteurs in seeking an agreement with the Council in ordinary legislative procedures. CHAPTER 2 COMMITTEES - FUNCTIONING Rule 193 Committee meetings 1. A committee shall meet when convened by its Chair or at the request of the President. 2. The Commission and the Council may take part in committee meetings if invited to do so on behalf of a committee by its Chair. By special decision of a committee, any other person may be invited to attend and to speak at a meeting. By analogy, the decision on whether to allow Members' assistants to be present at committee meetings is left to the discretion of each committee. The committee responsible may, subject to approval by the Bureau, organise a hearing of experts if it considers such a hearing essential to the effective conduct of its work on a particular subject. Committees asked for opinions may attend the hearing if they so wish. Provisions of this paragraph shall be interpreted in accordance with the point 50 of