WRITTEN QUESTION E-4226/06 by Cristiana Muscardini (UEN) to the Council (10 October 2006) Subject: Austrian tutelage over Alto Adige/South Tyrol minority The 1992 international agreements ratified by Italy and Austria by means of a ‘letter of discharge’ brought to an end the problems linked to the South Tyrol border region and, in particular, a long and turbulent period of tension surrounding the Alto Adige question, with the Italian sovereignty over the territory south of the Brenner Pass being established by the 1919 Treaty of St Germain and confirmed by the 1946 De Gasperi-Gruber agreement. Recently, respected press agencies reported on a project to reform the Austrian Constitution (Grundgesetz), which, following a request submitted to the President of the Austrian Parliament by 113 mayors from the Alto Adige/South Tyrol region, provides for the preamble to include a reference to the ‘Austrian Nation, as protector and guarantor of the German-speaking minority in South Tyrol and of its autonomy’ (Schutzfunktion). It is proposed that this provision be inserted into the Austrian Constitutional Charter. Given that this provision would disrupt relations between two EU Member States, will the Council Presidency-in-Office answer the following: 1. Will it clarify the position and objectives of the Austrian Government in this matter? 2. Does it not consider that the initiative taken by the 113 German-speaking officials constitutes a major cause of disruption in relations between two countries, Italy and Austria, which are members of the European Union and a serious violation of peaceful coexistence between ethnic groups within the Italian State? 3. Does it not consider that initiatives of this kind may, unless they are denounced, create a dangerous precedent for relations between EU Member States by reigniting past disputes which had been legitimately settled? 4. Does it not consider that any decision to agree to the request could create a harmful precedent for other ethnic minority groups in other EU Member States?