Louis Grech and Bogusław Liberadzki . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Małgorzata Handzlik , Anna Hedh , Ilda Figueiredo , Seán Kelly and Josefa Andrés Barea . The following spoke: Cecilia Malmström and Benita Ferrero-Waldner . The debate closed. 18 Joint Programming of research to combat neurodegenerative diseases (debate) Oral question ( O-0112/2009 ) by Herbert Reul , on behalf of the ITRE Committee, to the Council: Joint programming of research to combat neurodegenerative diseases, in particular Alzheimer's ( B7-0218/2009 ) Françoise Grossetête (deputising for the author) moved the oral question. Cecilia Malmström (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the oral question. The following spoke: Elena Oana Antonescu , on behalf of the PPE Group, Patrizia Toia , on behalf of the S Group, Jorgo Chatzimarkakis , on behalf of the ALDE Group, Philippe Lamberts , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, and Marisa Matias , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . IN THE CHAIR: Silvana KOCH-MEHRIN Vice-President The following spoke: Diane Dodds , Non-attached Member, Maria Da Graça Carvalho and Nessa Childers . The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Mairead McGuinness , Bogusław Sonik , Nikolaos Chountis , Vilija Blinkevičiūtė and Herbert Reul . The following spoke: Cecilia Malmström . Motion for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 115(5): - Françoise Grossetête and Elena Oana Antonescu , on behalf of the PPE Group , Patrizia Toia , on behalf of the S Group , Jorgo Chatzimarkakis , on behalf of the ALDE Group , Philippe Lamberts , on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group , Giles Chichester , on behalf of the ECR Group , Marisa Matias and Nikolaos Chountis , on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group , on Joint Programming of research to combat neurodegenerative diseases, in particular Alzheimer’s disease ( B7-0133/2009 ) . The debate closed. Vote: minutes of 12.11.2009, item 8.4 . 19 One-minute speeches on matters of political importance Pursuant to Rule 150, the following Members who wished to draw the attention of Parliament to matters of political importance spoke for one minute: Monica Luisa Macovei , Luís Paulo Alves , Marian Harkin , Karima Delli , Evžen Tošenovský , Joe Higgins , Paul Nuttall , Corneliu Vadim Tudor , János Áder , Kriton Arsenis , Giommaria Uggias , Michèle Rivasi , Mirosław Piotrowski , Ilda Figueiredo , John Bufton , Krisztina Morvai , Jarosław Kalinowski , Vilija Blinkevičiūtė