Answer given by Ms Vassiliou on behalf of the Commission (2 February 2009) There are 24 bluetongue (BT) serotypes in the world and cross protection among those serotypes does not exist. A specific vaccine is needed for each virus type. In the late 1990s when the first outbreaks of BT occurred in Greece after several years of absence of BT in the EU, the Commission set up a rather modest stock of 1 000 000 doses of vaccine against several BT serotypes in 2000, which was then only restocked until 2002. However, following this experience the Commission has not restocked the vaccine bank because new virus incursions caused by other serotypes not included in the vaccine bank occurred in several Member States demonstrating the limited usefulness of those stocks. The incursion of serotype 8 in the EU in 2006 has clearly indicated that it is not always possible to make an accurate prediction on the risk for the EU posed by individual serotypes circulating in the world. Experience also demonstrated that the Commission procedures did not allow for the quick purchasing of vaccine doses for rapid use as needed by the Member States. However, the Commission dealt with the larger epidemics in Italy, France and Spain in the period 2001 to 2004 by granting a Community contribution to the Member States for the purchase of the necessary vaccine doses. This approach has shown to be a faster and more cost-effective way to address vaccine supply. Moreover, effective vaccines against different serotypes of immediate concern suitable for use in target ruminant species are being developed, tested, registered and placed on the, not insubstantial, European commercial market. In addition, BT does not present such a devastating effect as African horse sickness or other diseases such as foot and mouth disease. BT, as many other non-zoonotic animal diseases, should therefore be addressed in an economic context weighing the costs and benefits of the different control options. In this case the costs of setting up a vaccine bank appear to be disproportionate compared to the benefits to be achieved. Finally, the Commission is promoting a reflection in the context of the strategic aims and objectives laid down in the new Animal Health Strategy for the European Union (2007‑13) where ‘Prevention is better than cure’ COM539(2007) adopted on 19 Sept 2007 http://ec.europa.eu/food/animal/diseases/strategy/index_en.htm to better address the reinforcement of the necessary EU antigen/vaccine banks. The outcome