all the obligations therein should be consolidated, rationalised and simplified, in particular through reduction of double regulation and administrative burdens. Amendment 2 Proposal for a regulation Recital 14 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (14a) The Common Fisheries Policy covers the conservation, management and exploitation of living aquatic resources, so that all types of activities that exploit such resources are treated on an equal basis, whether they be commercial or non-commercial. It would be discriminatory to subject commercial fisheries to strict controls and limits while largely exempting non-commercial fisheries. Amendment 3 Proposal for a regulation Recital 19 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (19) Control activities and methods should be based on risk management using cross-checking procedures in a systematic and comprehensive way. (19) Control activities and methods should be based on risk management using cross-checking procedures in a systematic and comprehensive way by Member States. It is also necessary for Member States to exchange relevant information . Amendment 4 Proposal for a regulation Recital 24 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (24) An integrated maritime surveillance network should be established between surveillance, monitoring, identification and tracking systems operated for the purposes of maritime security and safety, protection of the marine environment, fisheries control, border control, general law enforcement, and trade facilitation. The network shall have the ability to continuously make available information on activities in the maritime domain in order to support a timely decision process. In turn this would allow, the public authorities engaged in surveillance activities to provide a more effective and cost efficient service. To this end Automatic Identification Systems, Vessel Monitoring Systems as referred to in Commission Regulation (EC) No 2244/2003 of 18 December 2003, laying down detailed provisions regarding satellite-based vessel monitoring systems and Vessel Detection Systems data collected in the framework of this Regulation should be transmitted and used by other public authorities engaged in the surveillance activities above mentioned. (24) An integrated maritime surveillance network should be established between surveillance, monitoring, identification and tracking systems operated for the purposes of maritime security and safety, protection of the marine environment, fisheries control, border control, general law enforcement, and trade facilitation , geared to the different situations in the Member States . The network shall have the ability to continuously make available information on activities in the maritime domain in order to support a timely decision process. In turn this would allow,