Answer given by Ms Damanaki on behalf of the Commission (25 February 2010) In preparation for Commission Regulation (EC) No 517/2008, extensive consultation took place between 1996 and 2005. Stakeholders were widely involved in the projects, extensive laboratory and field tests and evaluation reports carried out during that period. The wedge gauge used by fishery inspectors for measuring the mesh size of meshes had in certain cases resulted in disputes between fishery inspectors and fishermen. The evaluation of mesh measurement methodologies and techniques carried out between 1996 and 2005 in consultation with all stakeholders to determine the feasibility of adopting standardised mesh measurement methods proposed in its findings that an electronic mesh measurement gauge, which automatically applies longitudinal forces, be adopted to ensure that mesh seizes were measured more precisely and the reasons for disputes were reduced. It is probably inevitable that some nets will become illegal after the introduction of the Omega gauge for inspection purposes. The reason for this is not the Omega gauge or the carefully chosen measuring forces, but the subjectivity of the former wedge gauge where the results depend on the hand force exerted. This led to highly variable measuring forces: when used with hand force the wedge gauge generated a stretching force between 40 and 220 N N = Newton, international accepted unit to measure force. (with a mean of 126 N). Even with a weight of 5 kg the stretching force generated by the wedge gauge still varied between 20 and 120 N (with a mean of 83 N). These results are based on measurements made by experienced fisheries inspectors. There are no plans to rewrite or re-examine the regulations. Indeed, a significant number of electronic mesh gauges have been acquired by Member States and the Community Fisheries Control Agency (CFCA) and are now widely used by Member States in accordance with the above regulation, which entered into force fully on 1 September 2009. A number of issues have been resolved or are being dealt with, and so far Member States are happy with the introduction of the gauge. The CFCA will stay in close contact with the Member States and the supplier in the future in order further to improve and harmonise the use of electronic mesh gauges in Community waters. In fact, the Commission has suggested to the CFCA the inclusion of a specific training on the use of the electronic