to release all those recently arrested who have been protesting peacefully, as well as all other prisoners of conscience; 13. Expresses its disappointment over the reaction of the Gulf Cooperation Council and some of its members, who actively intervened in favour of repression of the largely peaceful protests in Bahrain while at the same time appealing to the international community to come to the help of the popular protest movement in Libya; calls on the GCC to bring its possibilities as a regional collective to bear in order to mediate in the interest of peaceful reforms in Bahrain; 14. Calls on the government to account publicly for everyone who has been killed or injured and those who remain missing and to investigate all deaths, injuries, arrests, detentions and other possible human-rights violations committed by government forces or officials since the protests began on 14 February and urges to bring all those responsible for human-rights violations to justice, regardless of rank, position or affiliation. 15. Is disturbed by the statement of Bahrain's foreign minister Sheik Khalid bin Ahmed Al Khalifa's classifying the citizens of his country as two groups ‘that have hated each other for 1 400 years’ and appeals to the government to prevent the further raising antagonism between the Sunni and Shiite communities and the particular intimidation and persecution of Shiite citizens; 16. Expresses its concerns that Bahrain could turn into a conflict zone between Saudi Arabia and Iran and welcomes the statement by Ali Salman, one of the most senior Shiite opposition leaders, who publically rejected all foreign involvement in his country, including by Saudi Arabia and Iran; 17. Condemns the statement by EEAS Councilor Robert Cooper to the European Parliament on 22 March where he publicly defended Bahraini authorities' brutal crackdown and called the deaths of unarmed protesters and bystanders as ‘accidents’ that happen during policing operations; 18. Calls on the EU to immediately ban all security assistance to Bahrain, including the sale of riot-control materials and military hardware, until Bahraini authorities halt the abuses and hold those responsible accountable; 19. Urges the EU, in light of the deteriorating human-rights situation in Bahrain, to call for a special session of the United Nation's Human Rights Council with the view to suspend Bahrain's membership in the Council; On Yemen 20. Calls on President Saleh to resign and to pave the way for democratic elections; 21. Expresses its solidarity