regard to Rules 47(2) and 163 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the report of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market (A5‑0109/2004), A. Whereas Commission's practice of reporting annually to Parliament about the application of Community law has now passed its twentieth anniversary, B. Whereas the series of reports makes it possible over the long run to judge how far the Community has genuinely committed itself to upholding the rule of law, both through the conduct of the Commission as guardian of the Treaties and through the conduct of the Member States as their ultimate masters, C. whereas in particular these Reports depict both the quality of Member States' performance in transposing directives, and the degree of their commitment to loyal fulfilment of their resultant Community obligations, D. whereas to monitor this properly requires both ∙ qualitative judgements concerning the practices adopted in actually applying the law, and ∙ quantitative reporting on numbers of Directives whose transposition or effective implementation is delayed by reference to established deadlines or otherwise deficient, E. whereas much of the Commission's activity in securing the implementation of Community law originates from complaints that citizens make to the Commission about what they consider to be infringements, F. whereas the annual average number of complaints lodged by citizens has increased from 536 1983-89 to 1346 in 1999-2002, G. whereas over the whole period the leading areas of citizen complaint have been: single market (36% 1990-98, 27% 1999-2002); Environment (31% 1990-98, 40% 1999-2002); and Agriculture (14% 1990-98, 4% 1999-2002); hence environmental concerns are coming to predominate among activist citizens, H. whereas the increase in number of complaints illustrates the vital role that activist citizens play in the application of Community law, I. whereas in its Report on the Commission's eighteenth and nineteenth Reports about the Implementation of Community law, Parliament called on the Commission to keep complainants fully informed of the progress of their complaints and to copy to complainants all correspondence exchanged between the Commission and Member States in pursuance of their complaint, J. whereas it appears that in general the Commission maintains a satisfactory degree of vigilance in upholding the rule of law in respect of the matters covered in the Twentieth Report and its predecessors, these Reports being themselves an essential tool for Parliament to play its role in scrutinising the performance of the executive, K. whereas the number