be considered as the same as war crimes and therefore merits a separate decision. Instead, the reporter defines the scope as to include genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes as defined in the Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC). The committee also makes clear references to the issue of data protection. The exchange of information between Member States on suspicions that someone has committed war crimes, should be provided in accordance with international agreements (such as the Council of Europe Convention of 28 January 1981 for the protection of individuals with regard to automatic processing of personal data) and national law, whichever provides the greatest protection of personal data. Finally, the committee considers the appointment of national co-ordinators unnecessary since a network of contact points has already been established. No to co-operation on Driving Offences Sérgio SOUSA PINTO (PES, P) Report on the initiative by the Kingdom of Denmark with a view to adopting a Council Decision on increasing cooperation between European Union Member States with regard to disqualifications (11097/2002 – C5-0419/2002 – 2002/0820(CNS)) Doc.: A5-0430/2002 Procedure : Consultation procedure Debate : 16.12.2002 The Civil Liberties Committee will be recommending the rejection of the Danish initiative on increasing co-operation between the Member States with regard to disqualifications (meaning crime committed which leads to being disqualified, i.e. a driving offence. The aim of the initiative is to restrict convicted persons access to employment in any Member State and the establishment of national contact points for information on disqualifications. The reporter Sérgio SOUSA PINTO (PES, P) found it disappointing that Denmark confined itself to presenting an initiative aimed merely at enabling the Member States to exchange details on disqualifications, which will not bring about any progress in the fight against organised crime, nor in the application of mutual recognition of court decisions in criminal matters. The reporter called the initiative a clear illustration of the fact that co-operation in the area of Justice and Home Affairs lacks overall coherence and measures are added without a minimum global strategy. Schengen Information System Carlos COELHO (EPP-ED, P) Report on 1. the initiative by the Kingdom of Spain with a view to adopting a Council Decision concerning the introduction of some new functions for the Schengen Information System, in particular in the fight against terrorism (9408/2002 – C5-0317/2002 – 2002/0813(CNS)) 2. the initiative by the Kingdom of Spain with a view to adopting