{ "context": [ [ "Dan Wikler", [ "Daniel I. Wikler (born 1946) is an American public health educator, philosopher, and medical ethicist.", " He is currently Mary B. Saltonstall Professor of Population Ethics and Professor of Ethics and Population Health in the Department of Global Health and Population of the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health in Boston.", " He is Director and a core faculty member in the Harvard Program in Ethics and Health (PEH), which organizes a two-day medical ethics conference each Spring.", " His current research interests are ethical issues in population and international health, including the allocation of health resources, health research involving human subjects, organ transplant ethics, and ethical dilemmas arising in public health practice, and he teaches several courses each year.", " He is a fellow of the Hastings Center, an independent bioethics research institution." ] ], [ "Emilie Townes", [ "Emilie M. Townes (born August 1, 1955) is an African American Christian social ethicist and theologian, currently Dean and E. Rhodes and Leona B. Carpenter Professor of Womanist Ethics and Society at the Vanderbilt University Divinity School.", " She was the first Black woman to be elected president of the American Academy of Religion in 2008.", " In 2009, she was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.", " She was president of the Society for the Study of Black Religion from 2013-2016.", " She is the author of the groundbreaking book Womanist Ethics and the Cultural Production of Evil (Palgrave Macmillan Press, 2006).", " Other books include Breaking the Fine Rain of Death: African American Health Care and A Womanist Ethic of Care (Continuum, 1998), In a Blaze of Glory: Womanist Spirituality as Social Witness (Abingdon Press, 1995) and Womanist Justice, Womanist Hope (Scholars Press, 1993).", " She co-edited Womanist Theological Ethics: A Reader (Westminster John Knox Press, 2011) with Katie Geneva Cannon and Angela D. Simms.", " In addition, Religion, Health, and Healing in African American Life (Praeger, 2008) was co-edited by Townes with Stephanie Y. Mitchem." ] ], [ "Jeffrey Bishop", [ "Jeffrey Paul Bishop (born 1967) is a philosopher, bioethicist, author and the \"Tenet Endowed Chair of Health Care Ethics\" at Saint Louis University.", " The director of the Albert Gnaegi Center for Health Care Ethics, he is most widely recognized and cited for work in medical ethics as relating to death and dying in addition