promoting communication, education, validation and acceptance of alternative approaches with the aim to refine, reduce and wherever possible to replace animal testing by suitable other methods that provide the same or a higher level of confidence. This initiative accommodates the finding of relevant alternative methods in several sectors, using cross sectoral experience and thereby avoiding the necessity for a general ban on animal testing. In order to fully address the animal protection issues of those animals still required for scientific purposes, the Commission recently adopted a proposal to review Directive 86/609/EEC OJ L 358, 18.12.1986. on the protection of animals used for experimental and other scientific purposes. The proposal incorporates clear requirements to replace, reduce and refine animal testing where ever possible and provides further tools to enhance the development and validation of alternative methods. 4. The most recent report COM(2008)416 final. on the progress in this field was published on 2 July 2008. It reflects the latest situation regarding the development of alternative methods on end points relevant for the cosmetic sector. Regarding the 2009 deadline, of the seven end points relevant for cosmetic products safety, alternative methods are currently available for five. For the two remaining end points, ‘eye irritation’ and ‘acute toxicity’, progress is being made but as mentioned in its latest report on that matter http://ec.europa.eu/enterprise/cosmetics/html/cosm_animal_test.htm , the deadlines for full replacement are unlikely to be met. Regarding the 2013 deadline, the situation is more critical. The replacement of animal test methods by alternative methods in relation to complex toxicological endpoints remains scientifically difficult, despite the additional efforts that have been launched at various levels. The situation will be thoroughly analysed in preparation of the possible review foreseen in the Cosmetics Directive for 2011. Work on these issues continues to be supported via the 7th Framework Programme managed by DG Research, partly in cooperation with the cosmetic industry, and the Joint Research Centre (JRC) (ECVAM and other actions) will also contribute. It should also be noted that results of tests performed before the deadlines set out in the Cosmetics Directive (2009/2013), can still be used in order to prove the safety of the cosmetic product placed on the market. 5. Further to the abovementioned activities, dialogues at bilateral and multilateral levels are being carried out. In the framework of a regulatory dialogue called ‘International Cooperation on Cosmetic Regulation’ (ICCR), the EU, the United States, Japan and