in effectiveness with those taken to protect citizens in other policy areas. The European Community has taken significant steps to combat a long list of threats to the health and well-being of citizens, but in the field of road safety there is still much room for improvement. Road accidents are still the biggest single killer of children, young people and young adults, while persons aged over 65 are over-represented among the pedestrians killed in road accidents. Our fellow-citizens are thus still exposed to greater risks in road traffic than in any other aspect of our everyday lives. The mid-term review also stresses that the situation is far from uniform within the EU. Indeed, the gap between the Member States with more favourable statistics and those with the biggest problems is growing. In order to help those countries which are lagging behind in terms of road safety work to catch up, it is essential for Member States to learn from each other through best practice and comparisons in various areas. Twinning projects between new and old Member States are an excellent way of learning from one another. The report stresses that there is a need for political will to alter this situation and that there is still much room for political measures which can help greatly improve the protection of our citizens on the road. 2. Rising to the challenges In the past the debate on how to improve road safety was concluded in terms of national and local measures versus EU legislation. The Third Action Programme on Road Safety therefore brought a welcome change, since it stresses that road safety is a common responsibility for all decision-makers. Unfortunately, there is still a lack of political will among many decision-takers to bear their part of the responsibility, even following the adoption of the Action Programme. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has also recognised the importance of preventing people from being killed and injured on the roads, and devoted its World Health Day to this issue in 2005. On that day the WHO’s European region published its own report on how to tackle the specific road safety challenges which Europe faces. The report comes to the conclusion that the health sector should play a greater role in road safety, and that the issue of speed limits on roads must be made a priority. All political leaders should redouble their efforts and see