by Member States of companies within the meaning of the second paragraph of Article 54 of the Treaty, with a view to making such safeguards equivalent*. Article 3b and Article 3c(1) of that Directive shall apply mutatis mutandis . 4 . Member States shall ensure that branches ▌ have a unique identifier that allows for their unequivocal identification in communication between registers through the system of interconnection of registers established in accordance with Article 4a(2) of Directive 2009/101/EC. That unique identifier shall comprise, at least, elements enabling the identification of the Member State of the register, the domestic register of origin, the branch number in that register and, where appropriate, features to avoid identification errors. ______________ * OJ L 258, 1.10.2009, p. 11. Editorial note: The title of Directive 2009/101/EC has been adjusted to take account of the renumbering of the articles of the Treaty establishing the European Community, in accordance with Article 5 of the Treaty of Lisbon; the original reference was to the second paragraph of Article 48 of the Treaty. (2) The following Article ▌ is inserted: Article 5a 1. The register of the company shall , through the system of interconnection of registers established in accordance with Article 4a(2) of Directive 2009/101/EC, make available , without delay, the information on the opening and termination of any winding-up or insolvency proceedings of the company and on the striking-off of the company from the register if this entails legal consequences in the Member State of that register . 2. The register of the branch shall, through the system referred to in paragraph 1, ensure the receipt, without delay, of the information referred to in paragraph 1. 3. The exchange of information referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be free of charge for the registers. 4. Member States shall determine the procedure to be followed upon receipt of the information referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2. Such procedures shall ensure that branches of companies that have been dissolved, or otherwise removed from the register, are removed from the register without undue delay. 5. The second sentence of paragraph 4 shall not apply to branches of companies that have been removed from the register as a consequence of any change in the legal form of the company, a merger or division, or a cross-border transfer of its registered office. ▌ The following Section IIIA is inserted: SECTION