Answer given by Mr Kovács on behalf of the Commission (25 January 2010) Although the Directive 2006/112/EC OJ L 347, 11.12.2006, p. 1. foresees a certain degree of harmonisation, there are a number of elements in the individual situation of a taxable person which could influence his right of deduction. Moreover, the existing definitions of exempt financial and insurance services in the directive are currently still subject to differing interpretations amongst the Member States. There is, however, no direct connection between the Commission proposals for modernising the VAT treatment of financial and insurance services (COM/2007/746 and 747 and the impact assessment SEC(2007)1554) and the rules on the right to deduct input VAT. The Commission proposals on financial and insurance services only contain modernised definitions of the VAT exempt services, an option to tax which is with the economic operator and a cost sharing instrument. In accordance with Article 168 of Directive 2006/112/EC OJ L 347, 11.12.2006. , where VAT exempt services are supplied, the economic operator supplying them does not have a right to deduct input VAT on costs allocated to these exempt services. The diverging application in Member States of the VAT exemption for insurance and financial services therefore also generates differences in the granting of a right to deduct, depending on whether the Member State concerned applies the exemption. The proposals made by the Commission address these differences notably by proposing definitions which are based on objective economic criteria. Extending the option to tax to the individual economic operator throughout Member States also opens the way towards applying taxation and obtaining a right to deduct input VAT connected with such taxed transactions. In case the economic operator's individual situation does not favour the exercising of the option, the proposed cost sharing model gives him the possibility to obtain certain services via a cost sharing group exempt from VAT, thus avoiding a non-deductible VAT charge. As explained in the impact assessment (SEC(2007)1554) for the Commission proposals, the right to deduct is also influenced by the business model of the economic operators concerned. Banks and insurance companies do not supply exclusively exempt financial and insurance services but regularly both, exempt and taxed services, the percentages of which vary according to the business model of the economic operator concerned. Therefore, also the operator's business model determining the percentage of taxed activities and the allocation of costs to these activities will impact