Answer given by Mr Kovács on behalf of the Commission (19 July 2006) 1. The Commission is aware that tax and duty free shops exist in Greece’s borders with both the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (FYROM), including the railway station at Idomeni and Bulgaria. 2. The Commission is not aware of the schedules kept by the trains stopping at Idomeni railway station. 3. Tax and duty free shops may only supply to travellers bound for third countries. Operators of such shops should verify the traveller’s destination by inspecting the relevant title of transport. 3. Customs authorities in Hungary and Slovenia should ensure that travellers entering their country from a third country and carrying goods in excess of those allowed to travellers under Council Directive 69/169/EEC Council Directive 69/169/EEC of 28 May 1969 on the harmonisation of provisions laid down by Law, Regulation or Administrative Action relating to exemption from turnover tax and excise duty on imports in international travel, OJ L133, 4.6.1969. , pay any VAT and duty due. 4. The tax and duty free shops in the border between Greece and Bulgaria should disappear upon the accession of that country into the Community. 5. The Commission notes that a Recommendation of the Customs Cooperation Council concerning tax-free shops of 16 June 1960 considered that the existence of such shops on land frontiers (road or rail traffic) gives rise to a grave risk of fraudulent importation and recommends its members Greece was a member of the Customs Cooperation Council. not to install tax free shops at places other than seaports and Customs airports and to limit sales in tax-free shops to travellers leaving for abroad by sea or air. Moreover, certain references to tax free shops in Community legislation (notably Article 16 of Council Directive 77/388/EEC Sixth Council Directive 77/388/EEC of 17 May 1977 on the harmonisation of the laws of the member states relating to turnover taxes — Common system of value added tax: uniform basis of assessment, OJ L 145, 13.6.1977. ) might lend themselves to an interpretation according to which tax-free shops should only be established in ports and airports. The Commission will continue to monitor the situation and may decide to take appropriate action if the continued functioning of land based tax free shops is found to cause serious distortions of competition.