Answer given by Mr Mandelson on behalf of the Commission (20 April 2006) The EU believes that clear social conditions underpin sustainable productivity growth and promote the efficient production of high quality goods and services generating a net added value. Policies that mitigate the adverse effects of a changing economy on specific groups of people or regions, good social services and social protection accessible to all, social dialogue, the respect for fundamental social rights including core labour standards, minimum standards for working conditions and for ensuring workers’ upstream involvement in managing change, all play a crucial role. In its recent Communication on corporate social responsibility (CSR), the Commission recognised that ‘consumers lack clear information on the social and environmental performance of goods and services, including information on the supply chain’. In response to this situation the Commission stated that it ‘will examine, in consultation with all relevant stakeholders, the need for further voluntary actions to achieve the objectives of transparency and information for consumers […].’ In the same communication, the Commission also made a commitment to promote ‘initiatives to make citizens aware of social and environmental issues and the impact of their consumption and investment choices.’ A variety of social and eco-labels already exist for the certification of products through the supply chain. These are usually developed in cooperation between business and other stakeholders. Some labels have proved more credible and have seen a larger uptake than others. The Commission is cautious about proposing or endorsing individual labelling schemes, because ultimately it is up to consumers and stakeholders to decide on their utility and credibility. Furthermore, and in response to a request by the Parliament ‘Exploitation and child labour in developing countries’, European Parliament Committee Mavrommatis Report, July 2005, A6-0185/2005 . , the Commission is currently investigating the legal and practical aspects of child labour labelling schemes, including the feasibility of such schemes with respect to World Trade Organisation (WTO) trade rules. In the WTO, a reference to core labour standards was included in the Declaration of the first WTO Ministerial Conference (Singapore 1996). Regrettably, WTO members have not agreed to include this issue as part of the Doha Development Agenda. Nevertheless, the Commission is committed to addressing trade and social development, core labour standards and commitment to meaningful dialogue between the WTO and the International Labour Organisation (ILO), both in the EU’s own Trade Policy Review and in the