third-country national who is bound to the applicant by a registered partnership in accordance with Article 5(2), and the unmarried minor children, including adopted children, of such persons. Deleted Justification Same as for previous amendment. Amendment 32 Article 4, paragraph 4 4. In the event of a polygamous marriage, where the applicant already has a spouse living with him in the territory of a Member State, the Member State concerned shall not authorise the entry and residence of a further spouse, nor the children of such spouse, without prejudice to the provisions of the 1989 Convention on the Rights of the Child. 4. In the event of a polygamous marriage, where the applicant already has a spouse living with him in the territory of a Member State, the Member State concerned shall not authorise the entry and residence of a further spouse, nor the children of such spouse, unless the best interests of a minor child so dictate, in accordance with the provisions of the 1989 Convention on the Rights of the Child. Justification The prime consideration should always be that of the best interests of minor children. Amendment 33 Article 4, paragraph 5 5. Member States may require the applicant and his/her spouse to be of a minimum age, and in any event the age of legal majority, before the spouse is able to join him/her. 5. Member States may require the applicant and his/her spouse or registered or unmarried partner in accordance with Article 4, paragraph 1(a) to be of a minimum age, and in any event the age of legal majority, before the spouse or registered or unmarried partner is able to join him/her. Justification The Danish and Swedish translations do not tally with the English text, for example, and in any event the applicant and his/her spouse or registered or unmarried partner should be the age of legal majority in accordance with the relevant national legislation. Amendment 34 Article 5, title Article 5 Article 5 Administrative procedures Justification Same as for Amendment 14, applied to Article 1. Amendment 35 Article 5, paragraph 1 1. Member States shall determine whether, in order to exercise the right to family reunification, an application for entry and residence shall be submitted to the competent authorities of the Member State concerned either by the applicant or by the family member or members . 1. In order to exercise his/her right to