Answer given by Mr Rehn on behalf of the Commission (10 September 2010) HICP Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices. inflation in Greece has remained elevated since the beginning of the year, despite the deepening recession. These developments have been largely due to the several increases in indirect taxes since the beginning of the year. However — amidst a debt crisis — rigorous, sizable and swift fiscal consolidation was needed to ensure sustainability of public finances. When assessing the impact of inflation on competitiveness, nominal wage developments need to be taken into account. There is so far no evidence of a wage-price spiral that could push unit labour costs higher and adversely affect competitiveness. The Economic Adjustment Programme for Greece (which is in line with the objectives of the Europe 2020 Strategy) includes a number of measures already starting in 2010, which will reduce labour and product market rigidities and eventually result in permanently lower inflation. In May, inflation as measured by the HICP was 5.3 % in Greece compared to a level of 1.6 % for the euro area. Following the latest figures published by Eurostat, year-on-year (y-o-y) inflation in July was 5.5 % in Greece against 1.7 % in the euro area. This indicates a rapid increase of inflation in Greece since the beginning of this year (in January y-o-y inflation was at 2.3 % in Greece and 1.0 % in the euro area). Indeed, indirect tax measures already implemented in 2010 (in January, February, March, May and July) have put upward pressure on headline inflation. Like any other impulse on prices the effect of the indirect tax increases will influence the Greek y-o-y inflation figures for twelve months. Nevertheless, looking ahead, price pressures are expected to ease in the second half of the year, as activity contracts further. Given the impact of the very high annual average inflation in 2010 and the planned re-classification of goods currently subject to reduced value added tax (VAT) rate, headline inflation in 2011 will remain elevated. In spite of high inflation, competitiveness losses are not expected to widen further, as inflation mainly comes from the taxation component of domestic prices and need not be transferred into the price of exports. Moreover, there is no evidence so far of an adverse wage-price spiral that could push unit labour costs higher. Wages are expected to slow down markedly to close to zero growth rates.