and citizens, it will help to bridge the gap between the worlds of work and education by developing a common language. There is also, at EU level, a directive on the recognition of professional qualifications. This directive applies when a person, fully qualified to exercise a profession in a Member State, wishes to exercise the same profession in another Member State where this profession is regulated. A profession is regulated when access to this profession is legally subordinated to the possession of a specific professional qualification. Directive 2005/36/EC OJ L 255, 30.9.2005 . provides for a system of automatic recognition of qualifications for professions whose minimum conditions of training in terms of content and duration have been harmonised and for professions of the craft, commerce and industry area on the basis of professional experience. For the other professions and for the abovementioned professions not fulfilling criteria for automatic recognition, recognition is also in principle automatic but a test or a training period can be imposed to migrants if substantial differences between qualifications are identified and that these substantial differences cannot be compensated by professional experience. In order to enable comparison of qualifications, five levels in which to classify qualifications have been established and offer a framework allowing Member States to compare the different training levels. These levels are based on the institutional setting and duration of studies. 2. National skills councils exist in various forms in 22 of the 27 Member States with the common aim of gaining an insight into the likely developments in employment and skill needs to assist policy-making. These findings emerge from a study which the Commission completed in 2009 Sector Councils on Employment and Skills at EU level, available at: http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?langId=en&catId=782&newsId=743&furtherNews=yes&preview=cHJldmlld0VtcGxQb3J0YWwh . According to the study, while Greece has no sector council, it does have one body — the Employment Observatory Research — Informatics SA (PAEP SA) — which can be considered a ‘transversal’ council as it covers trends and developments in two or more sectors of the labour market. The Commission invites the Honourable Member to consult the abovementioned study for further information.