integrated natural gas undertaking, with respect to assets necessary to operate, maintain or develop the system. This should not preclude the existence of appropriate coordination mechanisms to ensure that the economic and management supervision rights of the parent company in respect of return on assets in a subsidiary are protected; (c) the combined system operator shall have effective decision-making rights, independent from the integrated natural gas undertaking, with respect to assets necessary to operate, maintain or develop the system. Justification The independence of transmission system operators or inter-transmission system generators is an essential precondition for the success of the directive. The common position restricts this independence above all by its vague wording. Amendment 12 Article 19, paragraph 1 1. For the organisation of access to storage facilities and linepack when technically and/or economically necessary for providing efficient access to the system for the supply of customers, as well as for the organisation of access to ancillary services, Member States may choose either or both of the procedures referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4. These procedures shall operate in accordance with objective, transparent and non-discriminatory criteria. 1. For the organisation of access to storage facilities , linepack and LNG facilities when technically and/or economically necessary for providing efficient access to the system for the supply of customers, as well as for the organisation of access to ancillary services, Member States may choose either or both of the procedures referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4. These procedures shall operate in accordance with objective, transparent and non-discriminatory criteria. Justification For clarification. If paragraph 2 excludes particular functions of an LNG facility from the scope of this article, as defined in paragraph 1, LNG facilities must first be covered by the latter. Amendment 13 Article 21, paragraph 2 a (new) (2a) Access may be refused only in the cases listed in paragraph 1. Member States shall ensure that, within the safety limits of the system, the full available capacity of the networks and, where necessary, of the storage facilities, is made accessible to system users. For that purpose, the authorities referred to in Article 25 shall request transmission system and storage facility operators to notify them of available capacity on a regular basis and whenever additional capacity becomes available. Information on available capacity shall be published. Justification This reinstates Amendment 146 of the first reading of the European Parliament. This provision ensures