shall take any measures they consider necessary to facilitate and speed up the completion of projects of common interest and to minimise delays while complying with Community law and international conventions on the environment , especially as regards projects declared to be of European interest . In particular, the necessary authorisation procedures shall be completed rapidly. Amendment 12 Article 7 a (new) Article 7a 1. A selection of projects on the priority axes referred to in Article 7 which are of cross-border nature or which have significant impact on cross-border transmission capacity are declared to be of European Interest. Those projects are set out in Annex I. 2 . When projects are selected under the budget for the trans-European networks, in accordance with Article 10 of Council Regulation (EC) No 2236/952, appropriate priority shall be given to projects declared to be of European interest . 3. When projects are selected under other Community cofinancing funds, particular attention shall be given to projects declared to be of European interest 4. If there is a significant current or prospective delay in the progress of a project declared to be of European interest, the Commission may ask the Member States concerned to ensure that reasons for the delay are provided within three months. For projects declared to be of European interest for which a European coordinator has been appointed, the European coordinator shall include in his report the reasons for the delay. 5. Five years after the completion of a project declared to be of European interest or of one of the sections thereof, the Commission, assisted by the Committee referred to in Article 11, shall carry out an assessment of that project which includes its socio-economic impact, impact on the environment, impact on trade between Member States and on territorial cohesion and sustainable development. The Commission shall inform the Committee referred to in Article 11 of the result of this assessment. 6. For each project declared to be of European interest, and in particular for cross-border sections, the Member States concerned shall take appropriate steps to ensure that: - a regular exchange of relevant information takes place; and - joint coordination meetings are organised as appropriate. The joint coordination meetings shall be organised as required in the light of the particular requirements of the project, such as the project development phase,and the difficulties anticipated or encountered. The joint coordination meetings shall address