Answer given by Mr Frattini on behalf of the Commission (25 October 2007) 1. The Commission does not have data concerning the number of criminal proceedings underway and convictions in the Member States. At the national level, there are different bodies in charge of data collection on trafficking which do not use common or agreed criteria. For this reason the Commission has recently established a new Expert Group on criminal statistics. The first subgroup is currently working to establish agreed criteria for data collection and assessments on trafficking. 2. Although precise data are not available, any information about prosecution and punishment of traffickers shows that there is an enormous gap between the scale of the criminal phenomenon and the number of criminal proceedings. Trafficking still remains a low-risk crime. According to a survey of the United States' (US) State Department the number of prosecutions has even decreased worldwide US State Department Trafficking Report 2007. . 3. Generally speaking Member States have passed adequate penal laws, which mostly comply with EU requirements both in terms of criminalisation and definition of trafficking, and in terms of penalties Council Framework Decision of 19 July 2002 on combating trafficking in human beings (2002/629/JHA), OJ L 203, 1.8.2002. . The existing gap is rather related to implementation of national legislation, in particular under the point of view of the number of cases concretely investigated and brought to justice. 4. Although criminal proceedings fall under the competence of Member States, the Commission is trying to support actions aimed at increasing the number of prosecutions. National good practice shows that in most of the cases victims are ready to act as witnesses if they are adequately assisted and protected form retaliation at an early stage. On the occasion of the first Anti-Trafficking day on 18 October 2007, a meeting was held in Brussels, where experts form governments, non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and International organisations discussed recommendations on the establishment of a mechanism for victims' identification and assistance based on close cooperation between law enforcement, prosecutors and civil society organisations. Strengthening law enforcement and judicial cooperation will also help to detect and prosecute the whole transnational trafficking networks.