(12) The commercial practices found in Annex 1 should in all circumstances be regarded as unfair. Member States should transpose Annex 1 in its entirety without modification, deletions or additions. The Commission should regularly report to the European Parliament and Council on the application of the Directive, including Annex 1, and when necessary propose a revision of the Directive in accordance the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty. (13) The provisions on aggressive commercial practices should cover those practices which significantly impair the consumer's freedom of choice. Those are practices using harassment, coercion and undue influence. (14) This Directive codifies the average consumer test elaborated by the Court of Justice of the European Communities . Pursuant to the Court's case law national courts must in applying the test also take economic, social, cultural or linguistic factors into account. Where a commercial practice is specifically aimed at a particular group of consumers, such as children, it is desirable that the impact of the commercial practice be assessed from the perspective of the average member of that group. (15) Since the most vulnerable consumers are those most likely to be the victims of the unfair commercial practices covered by this Directive, it is appropriate that their interests as consumers be protected, due regard being had, according to the circumstances of the case, to factors such as age (for example minors and the elderly), particular physical or mental conditions (for example maternity or bereavement) and level of literacy. To this end, it is necessary to prevent undue exploitation of the vulnerable characteristics of a particular group of consumers. In addition, personal characteristics which make individuals particularly vulnerable, such as physical or mental disabilities, ought to be taken into account in cases of direct relations with individual consumers, such as door-to-door sales or solicitations or harassment directed towards individual consumers before, during and after the conclusion of a contract. (16) It is appropriate to provide a role for codes of conduct, which enable traders to establish self-binding rules in accordance with the principles of this Directive . The establishment and the use of these codes and of the firm commitments within them should respect the requirements established by competition law. With the aim of pursuing a high level of consumer protection, consumers' organisations should be informed and involved in the drafting of a code of conduct. (17) Persons or organisations regarded