Debate : 03.12.2003 The Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee is calling for the reduced VAT rate experiment for labour-intensive service sectors to be prolonged. It also wants to give Member States the option of applying reduced VAT rates to a wider range of services and goods such as recorded music. The committee's non-binding draft resolution, was drawn up by the Committee Chair, Christa RANDZIO-PLATH (PES, D). MEPs in the committee argue in favour of letting the lower VAT rate experiment continue for some labour-intensive sectors, pending the introduction of a definitive VAT system. They say the experimental period of three years with a one-year extension has been "insufficient" to evaluate fully such a complex issue and its impact on employment. Moreover, the report points out that "data presented to the European Parliament by the industries concerned demonstrate that there has been a significant net job creation" , contrary to what the Commission says. The committee also says that Member States should be allowed to apply a reduced rate of VAT to a wider range of goods and services than suggested in the Commission proposal, provided this does not affect the functioning of the internal market. Hairdressing, minor repair services and recorded music are among the extra items MEPs recommend adding to Annex H of the directive, which lists the goods and services allowed to enjoy a lower rate, although there is a minimum rate of 5%. In addition, MEPs want to allow individual Member States such as the UK and Ireland to continue applying a zero-rate to, for instance, children's clothes and shoes. The Commission is seeking to put an end to these arrangements. Speaking before the vote in committee, Commissioner Frits BOLKESTEIN said the Commission was not proposing the continuation of the experiment because "it has failed to create more employment" . While the Commission was proposing to enlarge Annex H of directive, it did not wish to go as far as the committee. Stability Pact Debate? Possible debate on Stability Pact Debate : to be decided The House will decide at the beginning of the plenary session whether to include a debate on the Stability Pact (with Commission and Council present). However, if accepted, there will be no resolution Social and Employment Policy Green light for European health insurance card Anne Elisabet JENSEN (ELDR, DK) Report on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council regulation on amending