recipient into the proposal. Sharing of best practices, models and expertise across the European Union has already proved useful in increasing organ donor rates. Cooperation should be fostered in order to identify successful elements of different transplantation systems and promote them on the European level, thus leading to the improvements in provision of high quality and safety of organ donation and transplantation. Finally, the rapporteur proposes proportionate number of amendments reflecting concerns with regard to the definition of donor, competent authorities, post transplantation period and more precise wording in certain articles to improve the text. Rapporteur decided as well to include almost all proposals by JURI committee. The draft report does not contain amendments to Article 25 and 26 of the proposal in order to align them to the system of implementing acts as introduced by the Treaty of Lisbon. These amendments will be tabled at a later stage. 29.1.2010 OPINION of the Committee on Legal Affairs for the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on standards of quality and safety of human organs intended for transplantation ( COM(2008)0818 – C6‑0480/2008 – 2008/0238(COD) ) Rapporteur: Cecilia Wikström SHORT JUSTIFICATION Background According to statistics from 2007 almost 56 000 patients in Europe are on waiting lists to receive organ transplants. Mortality rates while waiting for a transplant of a liver, lung or heart vary between 15 and 30 percent. Every day nearly 10 people in Europe die while waiting for organs. Traditions, religious- and ethical beliefs and views on the end of life have had an impact on the way that different Member States have approached the issue of organ donation. Accordingly the various Member States have largely different systems regarding organ donation as well as transplantation. There are also large differences in the number of donors per capita as well as the number of organs that cross borders between Member States. Most patients, specially children or people, who are very sensitive, require large pools of donors to find a suitable match. This has the implication that in small systems, people who are willing to donate organs after they are deceased may be overlooked as there are no suitable patients within the system to receive their organs. The Commission has thus proposed a set of regulations regarding standards of quality and safety of human