States and in the candidate countries’ Education and Culture Series Working Paper No. EDUC 113, 2003, Directorate-General for Research commissioned by the European Parliament Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, Media and Sport ‘The place occupied by the European Union in the secondary education curriculum in the Member States and in the candidate countries’. , reflects upon what the European institutions might do in future to promote further knowledge and awareness of this subject among secondary school students and young people in general. The study demonstrates that in secondary education curricula all over Europe, the place occupied by the European dimension has grown over the years. This is most apparent in subjects such as history, geography, humanities, economics and foreign languages. The European dimension now features prominently in the national curriculum of each Member State and candidate countries too are striving to give the European dimension its proper place in education. 3. National identity and European citizenship Traditionally one of the primary roles of school and school education has been to provide young people with a sense of national identity and belonging. Some of the principle characteristics of national identity are a common culture and a shared history. Article 17 of the EC Treaty established citizenship of the European Union, which complements but does not replace the national citizenship. However the idea of a European citizenship has not yet been recognised by the majority of Europeans. As stated in the Commission’s Strategic Objectives 2000 to 2005, there is a need ‘to bring Europe much closer to the people it exists to serve’ Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions, Strategic Objectives 2000 to 2005, ‘Shaping the New Europe’, OJ C 81/01, p. 2. . The political and economic success of the unification process is not matched by a sense of common European identity among the citizens of the EU. One reason for this is that the EU is regarded primarily as a political and economic entity and is lacking the traditional myths, symbols and historical memories which make up the national cultures of Europe. School education has a central role to play in combating this problem as, more than any other social structure, the school is an ideal place for the creation of a new generation of European citizens, and can teach active participation, joint responsibility, and