unable to state his or her choice. Amendment 43 Proposal for a directive Article 4 – paragraph 3 – point c Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (c) establish the qualifications required by the personnel involved at all stages of the chain from donation to transplantation or disposal, and develop specific training programmes for personnel in accordance with recognised international standards . (c) establish the qualifications and competencies required for the healthcare personnel involved at all stages of the chain from donation to transplantation or disposal, and develop specific training programmes for such personnel. Justification Including the word “competencies” better captures national realities. Amendment 44 Proposal for a directive Article 4 – paragraph 3 – point c a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (ca) determine the status of transplant coordinators from the stage of organ donation to that of monitoring of the recipient. Justification In Paragraph 12 of its resolution of 22 April 2008, the European Parliament stressed the central role played by transplant coordinators with a view to actively identifying potential donors. It is therefore essential that the national quality programmes referred to in Article 4(3) should provide for the establishment of a status of transplant coordinator. Amendment 45 Proposal for a directive Article 5 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall ensure that the procurement takes place in procurement organisations that comply with the rules laid down in this Directive. 1. Member States shall ensure that the procurement and making available of organs takes place in public or private non-profit making bodies , organisations or institutions that comply with the rules laid down in this Directive. Justification This amendment brings the text into line with the definition of authorities and the making available of organs. Amendment 46 Proposal for a directive Article 5 – paragraph 2 – introductory part Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. The organisational structure and operational procedures of procurement organisations shall include: deleted (a) an organisational chart which clearly defines job descriptions, accountability and reporting relationships; (b) standard operating procedures as specified in national quality programmes. Justification These excessively precise details should not be included in the body of the directive. Amendment 47 Proposal for a directive Article 6 - paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Member States shall ensure that medical activities in procurement organisations, such as donor selection, are performed