reconciliation of the positions of the institutions in order to facilitate the implementation of the procedures aforementioned. The President of Parliament may delegate this task to a Vice-President having experience in budgetary matters or to the Chair of the committee responsible for budgetary issues. Rule 75d Budgetary conciliation 1. The President shall convene the Conciliation Committee in accordance with Article 314(4) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 2. The delegation representing Parliament at meetings of the Conciliation Committee in the budgetary procedure shall consist of a number of members equal to that of the Council delegation. 3. The members of the delegation shall be appointed by the political groups each year prior to Parliament’s vote on the Council's position, preferably from amongst the members of the committee responsible for budgetary issues and other committees concerned. The delegation shall be led by the President of Parliament. The President may delegate this role to a Vice-President having experience in budgetary matters or to the Chair of the committee responsible for budgetary issues. 4. Rule 68(2), (4), (5), (7) and (8) shall apply. 5. Where agreement on a joint text is reached within the Conciliation Committee, the matter shall be placed on the agenda of a sitting of Parliament to be held within 14 days from the date of that agreement. The joint text shall be made available to all Members. Rule 69(2) and (3) shall apply. 6. The joint text as a whole shall be subject to a single vote. The vote shall be taken by a roll-call vote. The joint text shall be deemed to be approved unless it is rejected by a majority of the component Members of the Parliament. 7. If Parliament approves the joint text whilst the Council rejects it, the committee responsible may table all or some of Parliament’s amendments to the Council's position for a confirmation in accordance with point (d) of Article 314(7) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. The vote on the confirmation shall be placed on the agenda of a sitting of Parliament to be held within 14 days from the date of the communication by the Council of its rejection of the joint text. The amendments shall be deemed to be confirmed if they are approved by a majority of the component Members of Parliament and three fifths of the votes cast. Rule 75e