MEPs quiz candidates for EU Ombudsman position Hearings Ombudsman 2009-12-01 - 09:55 Three candidates for the position of EU Ombudsman answered MEPs' questions at a hearing held by the Petitions committee on Monday, 30 November. MEPs focused on ways to improve EU institutions' transparency, co-operation between Parliament and the Ombudsman, and how to improve communication on the Ombudsman's work. Protecting human rights and improving co-operation among ombudsmen at EU, national and regional levels were the two key priorities underlined by candidate Vittorio Bottoli (IT) , who also promised to be a "strong" EU Ombudsman if elected. He promised to provide an "energetic" service and ensure that the EU ombudsman's work is not "downsized" by governments, as has happened in the past. Current Ombudsman and second candidate Nikiforos Diamandouros (GR) defended his work in the position, citing his own "professional experience" and "independence" as assets. He focused on three key issues: helping to ensure that EU delivers the benefits for citizens promised by the Lisbon Treaty, strengthening constructive dialogue with EU institutions and bodies and improving service to citizens by using resources more efficiently. Mr Diamandouros also stressed the importance of co-operating with national and regional ombudsmen and of communicating more effectively with citizens. The third candidate, Pierre-Yves Monette (BE) promised "renovation" and "innovation". A good Ombudsman must "defend traditional rights while facing new challenges", he said. Mr Monette stressed the need to ensure transparency in all EU institutions and bodies, and proposed to appoint a "transparency officer" for each one. He also undertook to follow closely the implementation of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights and noted that the Lisbon Treaty's entry into force would make the Ombudsman's role "prominent". Finally, he said he would strive to reduce the duration of the Ombudsman's enquiries. Improving co-operation between Parliament and the Ombudsman Pascale GRUNY (EPP, FR) asked the three candidates how they would improve co-operation between the Ombudsman's office and Parliament, and especially the Petitions Committee. Mr Bottoli replied that "there are regions in the EU where ombudsmen's offices have been abolished by law", and "European ombudsmen at all levels know they can count on Parliament and, in particular, on the Petitions Committee, to solve this problem". Mr Diamandouros stressed that "co-operation with the Petitions Committee has been extremely fruitful and important for me", adding that "I will be more likely to succeed in my duties if I keep the support