WRITTEN QUESTION E-2196/05 by Sylwester Chruszcz (IND/DEM) and Jaromír Kohlíček (GUE/NGL) to the Commission (21 June 2005) Subject: Protection of ethnic minorities — ban on the use of the Sorbian language at the Maria-Martha-Haus care home in Panschwitz-Kuckau (Saxony, Federal Republic of Germany) A ban on the use of the Sorbian language at the Maria‑Martha‑Haus care home for the disabled, which belongs to the St. Marienstern convent, was issued on 27 November 2003, along with the following notice: ‘we repeat that the language used during the performance of duties in the presence of disabled persons and non‑Sorbian‑speaking employees should be German’. Thereafter, the following internal notice was issued on 7 July 2004: ‘for the reasons given, I would point out that official rules, particularly those of 27 November 2003, must be respected by all employees. Infringement of official rules will have employment consequences.’ Employees at the Maria‑Martha‑Haus were informed of the above rules. After protests by the Sorbian, German and international public, the Saxon Ministry of Science and the Fine Arts with responsibility for Sorbian affairs stated, first in a television interview, that it did not see any legal problems in connection with this matter. It was only in response to a letter dated 28 August 2004 from Domowina, the Union of Lusatian Sorbs, and to a question by the First Vice‑President of the Saxon State Parliament (a member of the largest opposition party, PDS) to the relevant Minister, that the Ministry replied on 25 February 2005 that the service rules did not infringe employment legislation but that, in terms of human rights, they were at the very least problematic. In response, the management of the convent issued a notice on 22 March 2005 stating that both official rules remained in force, adding that ‘the language used during the performance of duties must not exclude anyone from direct or indirect communication’. Thus, despite many proposals to discuss the matter and have it resolved, and in the face of many public protests, this disgraceful ban on the use of the Sorbian language, which has been in force since 27 November 2003, remains in place at the Maria‑Martha‑Haus care home. What is the Commission’s view of this ban on the use of the Sorbian language in view of European rules on the protection of ethnic and national minorities and in view of the European values of cultural and linguistic diversity? What is