Energy Efficiency in Europe: "Every day we postpone is a mistake" Energy 2006-01-27 - 10:28 Sun sets on EU energy inefficiency? This was the uncompromising message Energy Commissioner Andris Piebalgs delivered when the European Parliament's Energy committee met counterparts from national Parliaments on 24-25 January. With Europe facing the effects of climate change, highly priced oil extracted from unstable or potentially hostile states and the ongoing "gas row" between Russia and her neighbours, improving energy efficiency and measures to coordinate Europe's approach to its energy needs have never been more important. The EU will import 90% of its oil and 80% of its gas by 2030, - much of which comes from unstable regions like the Middle East. The recent disruption of supply from Russia and her disputes with her neighbours, added to growing tension with Iran have added to fears over supplies. Opening the debate Parliament's President Josep Borrell said all this had "underlined just how vulnerable Europe is" in a world where "energy will increasingly be used as a weapon". Technology can lead the way in energy efficiency The good news is that supplies of oil and gas are not just in the realm of geo-politics - ordinary people can make a huge impact on energy saving in their daily lives. Europe's buildings currently account for about 40% of all energy used in the EU - with private households using two-thirds of this. Just changing to energy saving light bulbs (which use five times less electricity than normal ones) can make a huge difference. Equally, leaving electrical gadgets such as TVs and videos on "Standby mode" is estimated to account for 10% of all household energy use in the EU. Moreover the practical and proven technology "already exists" to help save money on heating bills, notes Andrew Warren of the European building sector NGO "Euro ACE". The technological importance of increasing energy efficiency was driven home by Spanish European People's Party MEP Alejo Vidal-Quadras - the Energy committee's Rapporteur on the subject. He stressed the opportunities apparent for technology to help fight climate change - although he was critical of attempts to limit EU investment in this area in the new financial perspective for the Union agreed for 2007-2013. His draft report on energy efficiency can be viewed using the link at the bottom of the page. At the start of January a new piece of European legislation