EU direct democracy: citizens' initiative rights should be clear, simple, and safe, say MEPs Citizens' rights Committees Constitutional Affairs 2010-04-20 - 13:13 The citizens' right to initiate EU laws should be clear, simple, and easily accessible to all EU citizens, and also provide them with certainty as to the law, said Constitutional Affairs Committee MEPs on Monday. They stressed the importance of this direct democracy instrument in a discussion with the EU Commissioner for Inter-institutional Relations and Administration, Maroš Šefčovič. The proposed right of initiative would enable citizens to ask the European Commission to table a draft law, provided it is backed by at least one million citizens from one third of the EU Member States, including a minimum number of citizens in each Member State. The minimum age for taking part in such initiatives would the same as that at which citizens may vote in European elections. Citizens' initiative proposals would have to be registered on line, and all statements of support collected within one year of the date of registration. Once a proposal is signed by 300,000 citizens, the Commission will check its "admissibility" (i.e. that it falls within the EU's sphere of competence and complies with the EU treaties). If it passes this test, then when it reaches one million signatures, the Commission will examine it again, and decide within four months whether to approve the proposal. Rights for real people Citizens' initiative rights should not only be "simple", but "safe", i.e. provide them with certainty as to the law, said Enrique Guerrero (S&D, ES), adding that "how we handle frustration is one major problem if in the end those who participate most are not ordinary citizens but lobbies and other organisations". Anneli Jäätteenmäki (ALDE, FI) agreed, voicing her fear that in practice, this right of initiative "could prove disappointing". She also called on the Commission to "avoid unnecessary bureaucracy". A "clear procedure for accepting citizens' initiatives" is vital, added Gerald Häfner (Greens/EFA, DE). Commissioner Šefčovič acknowledged the "bureaucratic nature of the verification procedure" but said that "this is the only way to be sure that real people sign these proposals". Minimum number of citizens per country The Commission proposal would require each initiative to be supported by a minimum number of signatures per Member State. A threshold would be fixed for each Member State which is "degressively proportional" to its population. The minimum limit would be