the outcome of the Copenhagen Summit held on 12 and 13 December under the Danish Presidency. MEPs welcome the "unprecedented and historic milestone" represented by the conclusion of the accession negotiations with Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, the Slovak Republic and Slovenia, which allows these States to be welcomed as members from 1 May 2004. With regard to the budget for enlargement, Parliament stresses the need for a reform of the CAP by 2006, not least in view of the Doha commitments; the House recalls that the lack of such a reform would have serious repercussions for the EU budget and calls upon the European Council to support the Commission in its reform proposals linked to the mid-term review of the Agenda 2000 reform process. Parliament also notes the intention to increase financial assistance to Turkey. The House calls for the transformation of the accession monitoring process into a system of ‘peer review’, whereby all Member States would be involved in a constructively critical evaluation of their respect for matters such as the democratic accountability and integrity of public administration, non-discrimination, civil liberties and the rule of law. With regard to Cyprus, the Parliament's view is that it welcomes the undertaking of the Greek Cypriots and the Turkish Cypriots to continue to negotiate with the objective of concluding a comprehensive settlement by 28 February 2003 on the basis of the UNSG’s proposals, and supports the European Council’s strong preference for accession to the European Union by a united Cyprus. Parliament welcomes the "ambition" of Bulgaria and Romania to join the Union by 2007, but insists that both countries need to make further efforts, in which they will be assisted by the EU, and that they will be judged on their own merits. With regard to Turkey, the House calls on the Commission to present a list of concrete targets, in particular the definitive separation of civil and military competencies in exercising power, to be attained by Turkey in order to fulfil the Copenhagen political criteria. The resolution underlines that Parliament will give its opinion on the possible opening of negotiations with Turkey on the basis of the progress report to be established by the Commission. On foreign and defence policy, the House welcomes the comprehensive agreement reached with NATO on all outstanding permanent arrangements between the EU and NATO. Parliament also welcomes the decision by