Mobility week 2007 - clearing the roads of traffic Environment 2007-09-21 - 16:25 From Hemicycle to Bicycle: Parliament's President This week cities across Europe marked "Mobility Week" aimed at encouraging sustainable non-polluting transport in our towns and cities. Now in its 6th year, the idea is to reduce pollution and improve people's quality of life. This year's theme was "streets for people" which encourages local authorities to use roads for pedestrians and bikes. The possibility not to use a car is clearly possible for more and more people. Latest figures show that 10% of all car journeys are less than 1 km. Traffic jams, pollution and noise are just three side effects of the ever growing amount of traffic on the road. Between 1990 and 2004 the numbers on Europe's roads rose by a third. Public health - mainly in the form of respiratory illnesses - is another concern. It is in response to issues like these that Mobility week was founded in 2002. "Change of mentality a long process" Mobility Week may be firmly established and growing fast, but what tangible effect can it have? Does it succeed in drawing people's attention to the issues we face with mobility across the European Union? We asked a panel of MEPs for their views. Italian Green MEP Sepp Kusstatscher noted that "actions during mobility week would scarcely bring anybody to question their behaviour. The change of mentality is a very long process. But I think the sum of the initiatives and the persistence provokes a change of perception and thinking". Zuzana Roithova (EPP-ED) used her personal experience in the Czech Republic to back up Mobility week. "I supported the initiative "AUTO*MAT" in Prague, which wants to make the city more accessible for pedestrians and cyclists. I believe this can help other cities to follow the example" she said. Michael Cramer - a German Green MEP - called mobility week "an excellent initiative". However, he called for it to be expanded into public policy "instead of a limited week once a year, cities should actively change the modal split towards more sustainable modes of transport permanently". Bulgarian Socialist MEP Evgeni Kirilov praised mobility week as "citizens learn more, become more conscious about the problems and how to solve them, including personal contribution by using bicycles and public transport instead of private cars, especially single users". Cities "car friendly" not "human friendly" To