IIA figures which have been adjusted to 2004 prices and to a 10% increase to cater for the effect of enlargement. . 2. 2006 BUDGETARY PROCEDURE The European Parliament should, in line with its APS resolution European Parliament resolution on the 2006 budget: the Commission's Annual Policy Strategy report (APS (2004/2270 (BUD)). , use its power of iniciative, within the limits of the Interinstitutional Agreement and the Financial Regulation, to reinforce and create pilot projects and preparatory actions in line with the new approach of the Lisbon Strategy. This new approach gives a central role to the promotion of knowledge, life- long learning and the fostering of young people's prosperity, while reinforcing competitiveness, research and development, SMEs, and dissemination of environmental technologies. Your General Rapporteur for Budget 2006 has expressed on different occasions his will to improve through a pilot project current COMENIUS student language projects. Whereas ERASMUS gives the students the opportunity of moving individually to study abroad, COMENIUS language projects involve a minimum of 10 pupils . Funding for an ERASMUS style project for pupils aged from 16 to 18 should be envisaged to cover this gap. In its proposal for a new programme for the period after 2007 in the sector of education, the Commission has foreseen a new mobility action within COMENIUS addressed to upper secondary school pupils. This pilot project will, in fact, allow to anticipate the start of this programme. Pilot projects The Commission has proposed a total amount for pilot projects of 18, 95 million euro in commitment appropriations and 20,7 in payment appropriations. For a detailed overview of the distribution of these appropriations see table annexed. The Commission itself proposed two new pilot projects: 04 04 11 -Pilot project for a Year of Mobility for Workers The European Commission decided to anticipate the European Year for workers mobility to 2006. For time restraints there was apparently no possibility to follow the usual procedure followed for the creation of a "European Year" action, was the case for the European year for disable people (Budget 2003) or the European year of education through sport. Normally the Commission should first submit a Communication presenting the guidelines or objectives/goals to be reach followed by a Council Decision and an opinion of the Parliament. The Council proposed in its First reading to cut commitments by -2 million euro appropriations and by -0,455 payment appropriations. This action is