Answer given by Mr McCreevy on behalf of the Commission (8 September 2008) The Commission proposal to extend the term of protection for performers and record producers is based on a full Impact Assessment. In the impact assessment, the Commission analysed many studies including those mentioned by the Honourable Member. The Impact Assessment is available on the Europa website http://ec.europa.eu/internal_market/copyright/documents/documents_en.htm . It is hoped that it will respond to some of the Honourable Member's concerns. In the Commission's view, the Gowers Review looked at the issue of term extension from a purely economic and United Kingdom (UK) focused standpoint. The Gowers Review does not include, for example, information about performers' remuneration from broadcasting, public performance or private copying compensation. Nevertheless, the Commission's Impact Assessment concludes that revenues generated by these remuneration claims constitute a substantial part of performers' income and will continue to benefit all performers throughout the extended period. Moreover, these remuneration claims are never transferred to the phonogram producers, a fact that the Gowers Review does not state. In addition, a large majority (approximately 80 %) of revenues will stay within the EU during the extended period. The Commission's proposal indeed looks at the issue of trade balance, taking into account all EU‑based recordings, not just those executed in the UK. For clarity's sake, the Commission would like to inform the Honourable Member that when it contracts out studies to external consultants, it is not bound by the findings of the studies' authors. Nevertheless, the Commission certainly took into consideration the information contained in the study from the University of Amsterdam when compiling its Impact Assessment. And it is fair to say that this study also concluded that a term extension would benefit performers. Their concerns were more focused on a term extension for phonogram producers. The Commissioner in charge of Internal Market and Services and Commission officials concerned met many stakeholders in the copyright field on the subject of term extension over the past two years. This was done both at the request of stakeholders and by invitation from the Commission to ensure that all points of view were exposed and taken into consideration.