16(4)). They remain valid, however, as the legal ambiguity which was criticised on the previous occasion has not been addressed in the new proposal. Your draftsman therefore proposes that these amendments be retabled. AMENDMENTS The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market calls on the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following amendments in its report: Text proposed by the Commission OJ C xxx Amendments by Parliament Amendment 1 Article 6, paragraph 3 3. The grounds of public policy or domestic security must be based exclusively on the personal conduct of the family member concerned. Deleted Justification Consistency with Member States’ legislation on public policy and security. Amendment 2 Article 7, paragraph 2 2. The Member States may set the conditions relating to accommodation, sickness insurance and resources provided for by paragraph 1 solely in order to ensure that the applicant for family reunification will be able to satisfy the needs of his reunified family members without further recourse to public funds. They may not have the effect of discriminating between nationals of the Member State and third-country nationals. 2. The Member States may set the conditions relating to accommodation, sickness insurance and resources provided for by paragraph 1 solely in order to ensure that the applicant for family reunification will be able to satisfy the needs of his reunified family members without further recourse to public funds. Justification On closer examination, the second sentence of paragraph 2 leads to additional difficulties of interpretation. In particular, it leads to ambiguity as to the ‘drift’ of the protection which it suggests providing. Amendment 3 Article 12, paragraph 3 (new) 3. By way of derogation from Article 15, in cases of reunification of families of refugees, family members’ right of residence shall be dependent on the refugee’s right of residence. Justification This amendment to the Commission proposal is necessary in order to avoid a situation in which the refugee loses his right of residence and is asked to return to his native country when the reason for seeking refuge ceases to apply or, for example, as a result of an end to civil war in his native country, whilst the members of his family independently have the right of residence on the basis of Article 15. The ultimate effect would be to lead, via the right to family reunification, to