of the members of the Management Board should be in line with the functions assigned to them. Besides, there should be a provision aimed at preventing any conflict of interest and the duration of their mandate should be aligned with other agencies' (IWG). Amendment 7 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 3 b (new) Regulation (EC)1406/2002 Article 14 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (3b) The following article is inserted: 'Article 14a Executive Board 1. An Executive Board, composed of members of the Administrative Board including two representatives of the Commission, shall be set up. Its size shall not exceed one third of that of the Administrative Board. It shall meet at least on a quarterly basis. 2. The Executive Board shall have a clear formal mandate from the Administrative Board. Its tasks shall include monitoring the implementation of the Administrative Board's decisions, tackling administrative and budgetary issues on behalf of the Administrative Board, and preparing decisions, programmes and activities to be adopted by the Administrative Board. The Executive Board shall be accountable to the Administrative Board; in this context it shall submit an activity report to each Administrative Board meeting.' Justification An executive board should be set up aiming at reinforcing supervision of administrative and budgetary management through the preparation of Management Board decisions (IWG). Amendment 8 Proposal for a regulation - amending act Article 1 – point 4 – point (a) Regulation (EC)1406/2002 Article 15 – paragraph 2 – points (a) and (b) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (a) in paragraph 2, the points (a) and (b) are replaced by the following: (a) in paragraph 2, points (a) and (b) are replaced by the following: '(a) he shall prepare the multi-annual strategy of the Agency and submit it to the Administrative Board after consultation of the Commission at least 8 weeks before the relevant Board meeting; '(a) he shall prepare the multi-annual strategy of the Agency and submit it to the Administrative Board after consultation of the Parliament and of the Commission at least 8 weeks before the relevant Board meeting; (aa) he shall prepare the multi-annual staff policy plan of the Agency and submit it to the Administrative Board after consultation of the Commission; (aa) he shall prepare the multi-annual staff policy plan of the Agency and submit it to the Administrative Board after consultation of the Commission; (ab)