instruments; 3. legislation on: (a) veterinary and plant-health matters, animal feedingstuffs provided such measures are not intended to protect against risks to human health, (b) animal husbandry and welfare; 4. the improvement of the quality of agricultural products; 5. supplies of agricultural raw materials; 6. the Community Plant Variety Office; 7. forestry. XIV. Committee on Fisheries Committee responsible for: 1. the operation and development of the common fisheries policy and its management; 2. the conservation of fishery resources; 3. the common organisation of the market in fishery products; 4. structural policy in the fisheries and aquaculture sectors, including the financial instruments for fisheries guidance; 5. international fisheries agreements. XV. Committee on Culture and Education Committee responsible for: 1. the cultural aspects of the European Union, and in particular: (a) improving the knowledge and dissemination of culture, (b) the protection and promotion of cultural and linguistic diversity, (c) the conservation and safeguarding of cultural heritage, cultural exchanges and artistic creation; 2. the Union's education policy, including the European higher education area, the promotion of the system of European schools and lifelong learning; 3. audiovisual policy and the cultural and educational aspects of the information society; 4. youth policy and the development of a sports and leisure policy; 5. information and media policy; 6. cooperation with third countries in the areas of culture and education and relations with the relevant international organisations and institutions. XVI. Committee on Legal Affairs Committee responsible for: 1. the interpretation and application of Union law and compliance of Union acts with primary law, notably the choice of legal bases and respect for the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality; 2. the interpretation and application of international law, in so far as the European Union is affected; 3. the simplification of Union law, in particular legislative proposals for its official codification; 4. the legal protection of Parliament's rights and prerogatives, including its involvement in actions before the Court of Justice of the European Union; 5. Union acts which affect the Member States' legal order, namely in the fields of: (a) civil and commercial law, (b) company law, (c) intellectual property law, (d) procedural law; 6. measures concerning judicial and administrative cooperation in civil matters; 7. environmental liability and sanctions against environmental crime; 8. ethical questions related to new technologies, applying the procedure with associated committees with the relevant committees; 9. the Statute for Members and the Staff Regulations of