provisions of this Regulation. It shall also provide each passenger affected by a delay of at least two hours with an equivalent notice. 2. An air carrier or tour operator denying boarding or cancelling a flight shall provide each passenger affected with a written notice setting out the rules for compensation and assistance in line with the provisions of this Regulation. It shall also provide each passenger affected by a delay of at least two hours with an equivalent notice. The contact details of the national competent authority as stipulated in Article 18 shall also be given to the passenger in written form. Justification The passenger must also receive information on how to contact the national competent authority responsible for dealing with any complaints about the Regulation's provisions. Amendment 37 Article 14 a (new) Article 14a Ranking of user-friendliness From 1 January 2004 a monthly ranking concerning the quality of services offered by airlines as regards user-friendliness and customer satisfaction shall be published on the basis of the criteria of frequency of denied boarding, loss of luggage, delays, passengers' complaints and an assessment of the quality of the information and services. Justification A ranking of the quality of the services provided by airlines – as already exists, for example, in the USA, where such a ranking is published on a monthly basis by the US Department of Transportation – enables consumers to compare the different options and helps them reach a decision. A ranking of airlines would also provide an incentive for airlines to keep a constant eye on the quality of their service to consumers and, where appropriate, improve it. Amendment 38 Article 18 A passenger may complain to any body designated by a Member State about a possible infringement of this Regulation at any airport situated on the territory of a Member State [to which the Treaty applies?] or concerning any flight from a third country to an airport situated on that territory. If not responsible, the body shall communicate the complaint to the body responsible for enforcement in the case in question. The body responsible shall investigate the complaint and take any measures necessary to ensure that the rights of the passenger are respected. Without prejudice to Article 12, a passenger may complain to any body designated by a Member State about a possible infringement of this Regulation at any airport situated on the territory of a