Separate electricity generation from transmission, says industry committee Energy 2008-05-06 - 19:51 A European Commission plan for "ownership unbundling", i.e. separating electricity firms' generation assets from their transmission ones, was backed by the Industry committee on Tuesday. To ensure full separation, MEPs also rejected two alternative plans: one for an "independent system operator" to run unbundled transmission activities, and the other allowing firms to retain supply and transmission assets while ensuring "an effective separation of interests". The committee backed rapporteur Eluned Morgan (PES, UK)'s preference for full ownership unbundling, which is also the European Commission's preferred option. This would involve forbidding companies or countries from simultaneously exercising control over electricity generation or supply and "directly or indirectly exercising control over a transmission system operator" and vice versa. No ISO The committee rejected the European Commission's alternative proposal that firms could hand over control of their transmission assets (and over investment and commercial decisions) to an "Independent System Operator". The rapporteur argued that this would entail "bureaucracy and costly regulatory control". No third way The committee also rejected, by 22 votes in favour to 26 against with three abstentions, a “third option” plan, backed by eight Member States including France and Germany, which supporters said would enable countries "to further liberalise their markets without having to resort to ownership unbundling". This would allow Member States to choose between ownership unbundling, ISOs and "legal unbundling" (whereby a vertically integrated company could retain its network assets but ensure "an effective separation of interests" through rules on assets, equipment, staff, identity and compliance control). Members also backed a Commission proposal to prevent control of transmission systems or transmission system operators "by a person or persons from third countries". Consumer protection MEPs also added some consumer protection measures to the proposal. Customers should have: the right to withdraw from contracts with their electricity providers without charge, the right to compensation if service quality levels are not met (as with, for example, inaccurate and delayed billing), access to information on their rights through bills and electricity company web sites, access to information on procedures to be followed in the event of disputes, the right to change suppliers within two weeks, the right to be informed, at least quarterly, of actual electricity consumption and costs, access to smart meters within 10 years of the directive's entry into force, the right to have their electricity provided by a