Answer given by Mr Piebalgs on behalf of the Commission (27 May 2011) The Commission acknowledges the health threats posed by substandard medicines and the considerable impact these have on public health in developing countries. The Commission is therefore keen to support our partner countries in developing the appropriate regulatory structures to ensure the quality, safety, efficacy of medicines produced in the country and those imported from elsewhere. But regulating the national pharmaceutical market is not enough. There is equally the need to ensure security and safety of supply and distribution systems, and to effectively regulate the qualifications of those empowered to store, sell, and prescribe medicines. However, most importantly, there needs to be capacity and willingness to take action, if any of those regulations are violated. It is often the enforcement of effective policies that is lacking in developing countries. It must therefore be our priority to enable partner countries to address these challenges in an effective and sustainable manner. The Commission has provided EUR 20 million to the EU — African, Caribbean and Pacific States (ACP) — World Health Organisation (WHO) Partnership on Pharmaceutical Policies 2004-2010 which has been positively evaluated and is considered a success. It covered 8 Result Areas: (i) National Drug Policies, (ii) International Trade Agreements, (iii) Affordability and Financing, (iv) Drug Supply Management, (v) Norms and Standards, (vi) Drug Regulation, (vii) Rational Use by Health Professionals and (viii) Rational Use by Consumers. The Commission is currently looking into the possibility of extending this partnership, taking the positive and valuable comments of the final evaluation into account. The Commission is also strongly involved in the discussions to fight against this threat worldwide in the World Health Assembly, the decision-making body of the World Health Organisation. The Commission is equally committed to positively considering requests from ACP countries to prioritise support to their national efforts to ensure access to quality and safe medicines within the existing partnership framework with these countries.