energy-using products not only has a bearing on a product’s energy consumption, but also makes for more straightforward re-use, dismantling and recycling of EEE. Ensuring that the design process also covers the recycling phase can lead to more and better recycling and the recovery of raw materials. These criteria from Directive 2009/125/EC should therefore be incorporated. Amendment 4 Council position Recital 13 Council position Amendment (13) Separate collection is a precondition for ensuring specific treatment and recycling of WEEE and is necessary to achieve the chosen level of protection of human health and the environment in the Union. Consumers have to actively contribute to the success of such collection and should be encouraged to return WEEE. For this purpose, convenient facilities should be set up for the return of WEEE, including public collection points, where private households should be able to return their waste at least free of charge. Distributors have an important role in contributing to the success of WEEE collection. (13) Separate collection is a precondition for ensuring specific treatment and recycling of WEEE and is necessary to achieve the chosen level of protection of human health and the environment in the Union. Consumers have to actively contribute to the success of such collection and should be encouraged to return WEEE. For this purpose, convenient facilities should be set up for the return of WEEE, including public collection points, where private households should be able to return their waste at least free of charge. Distributors , municipalities and operators of recovery facilities all have an important role in contributing to the success of WEEE collection and treatment and thus should be subject to the requirements of this Directive. Justification Reinstatement of Parliament’s first-reading position. Distributors, municipalities and operators of recovery facilities all have an important role to play in ensuring the successful implementation of the directive. Amendment 5 Council position Recital 13 a (new) Council position Amendment (13a) In order for the polluter pays principle to be fully applied, Member States must ensure that costs incurred by (local) authorities for the collection of WEEE are not passed on to taxpayers but are reflected in the product price. Justification As a concession to the position of the Council and the Commission, the amendment to Article 12 (1) in the text agreed by Parliament at first reading (AM 47) has been revised and reduced to its essential principle. Amendment 6