new legislation, which lays the main emphasis on ultimate biodegradability and meets the important concerns related to the potential toxicity of persistent metabolites. 11) this requires the introduction of a new set of tests based on EN ISO standards and OECD guidelines, which governs the granting of direct permission for placing detergents on the market. 12) to provide a high level of protection of the environment, detergents not fulfilling requirements laid down by this Regulation should not be placed on the market. 13) on 25 November 1999 the Scientific Committee on Toxicity, Ecotoxicity and the Environment issued an opinion on biodegradability of surfactants in detergents and relevance of test-methods for regulatory control in this area. 14) the existing requirements regarding primary biodegradability should be maintained on a second hierarchy level and supplemented by a complementary risk assessment, for those surfactants failing ultimate biodegradability tests; furthermore surfactants failing primary biodegradability tests should not obtain marketing authorisation by way of derogation 15) the primary biodegradability requirements should be extended to all surfactants, in particular cationic and amphoteric, whilst allowing the possibility of applying instrumental analyses in those cases in which semi-specific analytical methods are not suitable. 16) the determination of biodegradability test-methods and the record-keeping of lists of derogations are technical matters and should be revised taking into account technical and scientific developments as well as regulatory developments. 17) test-methods should produce data that give sufficient assurance of aerobic biodegradability of surfactants in detergents. (18) Methods to test biodegradability of surfactants in detergents may produce variable results. In such cases they should be complemented by additional assessments in order to determine the risks of continued use. 19) provisions should also be laid down regarding the placing on the market in exceptional cases of surfactants in detergents failing ultimate biodegradability tests and this should take place on the basis of all relevant information to ensure environmental protection and on a case by case basis. (20) The measures necessary for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission OJ L 184, 17.7.1999, p. 23. . 21) it is appropriate to recall that other horizontal legislation is applicable to detergent surfactants, in particular Council Directive 76/769/EEC of 27 July 1976 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of