two previous discharge exercises and fine-tuned its recommendations common to all agencies in its resolutions accompanying discharge. 24. Parliament approved the report AYALA SENDER/SCHLYTER giving discharge to 14 Agencies for 2003. In the resolutions accompanying the discharge decisions, both "horizontal matters" i.e. points applying to all the Agencies and issues specifically concerning particular agencies are dealt with. for details, see annex III to this Working Document. 25. This approach involved issues related to: - the implementation by the agencies of the new financial rules in accordance with the Financial Regulation. - the series of observations/recommendations put forward by the European Court of Auditors in its specific reports on the agencies. - the necessary follow-up to be given to the Commission's reform and subsequent staff-related matters - the new needs emerging with regard to the agencies and their role in the context of enlargement and new challenges facing the EU. 26. Further to these horizontal points, the committee on Budgetary Control addressed specific recommendations to individual agencies also in Annex III , largely along the lines of the findings of the ECA, focusing on some of the problems encountered by each agency. Recommendations thus made dealt with problems concerning the implementation of the respective budget, the legality and regularity of underlying transactions, or questions of inter-institutional co-operation between the agencies themselves or in their relationship with the Commission. 27. In its recent opinion to the Temporary committee on Policy Challenges and Budgetary Means of the enlarged Union 2007-2013 INI2004/2209, point 8 , the Committee on Budgetary Control notes that the Commission, in its first strategic communication on the financial perspectives 2007-2013, announced its intention to further outsource and entrust executive tasks to bodies other than its core departments, especially to agencies; it reiterates Parliament's concerns as regards the multitude of forms and tasks of the existing agencies being "neither transparent nor comprehensible" Texts Adopted, 13.1.2004 ( P5_TA(2004)0015 ), para. 14 . In particular, it demanded that the role of "executive agencies" vis-à-vis other agencies must be clarified and overlapping of tasks avoided. An inter-institutional agreement on common guidelines as a harmonised framework for present and future agencies should be negotiated. Agencies beyond 2006 28. In its resolution on Policy Challenges and Budgetary Means of the enlarged Union 2007-2013 P6_TA-PROV(2005)0224 -8 June 2005 Parliament has tried to carry out an evaluation of the needs for agencies over the coming period although the