In addition, remove all reference to ‘tour operators’ and ‘package travel’. Amendment 25 Article 8, paragraph 1, excluding last subparagraph 1. In the case of denied boarding passengers shall be offered the choice between: 1. In the case of denied boarding passengers shall be offered the choice between: (a) reimbursement of the full cost of the ticket, under the conditions by which it was paid, for the part or parts of the journey not made and for the part or parts already made, if no longer serving any purpose in relation to the passenger’s original travel plan, with a return flight to the first point of departure at the earliest opportunity; (a) reimbursement of the full cost of the ticket, under the conditions by which it was paid, for the part or parts of the journey not made and for the part or parts already made, if no longer serving any purpose in relation to the passenger’s original travel plan, with a return flight to the first point of departure at the earliest opportunity within the validity of the ticket ; (b) re-routing, under comparable transport conditions, to their final destination at the earliest opportunity; or (b) re-routing, under comparable transport conditions and within the validity of the ticket , to their final destination at the earliest opportunity; or (c) re-routing, under comparable transport conditions, to their final destination at a later date at the passenger’s convenience. (c) re-routing, under comparable transport conditions and within the validity of the ticket , to their final destination at a later date at the passenger’s convenience and subject to scheduling . Amendment 26 Article 8, paragraph 1, last subparagraph The passengers shall also be offered free of charge a telephone call and/or telex or fax message and/or e-mail to the point of final destination. The passengers shall also be offered free of charge a telephone call and/or telex or fax message and/or e-mail to the point of final destination and to the point of departure. Justification Self-explanatory. Amendment 27 Article 9, paragraph 1, point (b a) (new) (ba) free transport or reimbursement of expenses for the journey from the airport to the hotel and back again. Justification Provision should be made for the reimbursement of expenses for this journey; in some cases they might prove to be considerable, particularly should accommodation in the vicinity of the airport not be available. Amendment 28 Article