multiple problems for the development and improvement of the fishing industry, with social, economic, environmental and structural implications. Implementation of such a measure should be considered only in circumstances which constitute a serious threat. Amendment 7 3 Proposal for a regulation Article 96 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. Where a Member State does not respect its obligations for the implementation of a multiannual plan, and where the Commission has reasons to believe that the non respect of those obligations is particularly detrimental to the stock concerned, the Commission may provisionally close the fisheries affected by those shortcomings. 1. Where a Member State does not respect its obligations for the implementation of a multiannual plan, and where the Commission has evidence that the non respect of those obligations is particularly detrimental to the stock concerned, the Commission may provisionally close the fisheries affected by those shortcomings. Justification The Commission may have reasons to believe many things, but this is not an objective criterion. Something greater than a suspicion should be required to close a fishery. Amendment 7 4 Proposal for a regulation Article 97 – paragraph 1 – introductory wording Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1. When the Commission has established that a Member State has overfished its quota, allocation or share of a stock or a group of stocks available to it the Commission shall operate deductions in the following year or years from the annual quota, allocation or share of the Member State which has overfished by applying a multiplying factor according to the following table: 1. When the Commission has established that a Member State has overfished its quota, allocation or share of a stock or a group of stocks available to it the Commission shall operate deductions in the following year from the annual quota, allocation or share of the Member State which has overfished by applying a multiplying factor according to the following table: Justification Up until now, Council Regulation (EC) No 847/96 only made provision for penalties from one year to the next by means of a Commission Regulation. Multiannual penalties for overfishing should be regulated by means of a Council Regulation. Amendment 7 5 Proposal for a regulation Article 97 – paragraph 1 – table Text proposed by the Commission Extent of overfishing relative to the permitted landings Multiplying factor Up to 5% Overfishing * 1.0 Over 5%