Parliament will aim at a common approach on the role and position of decentralised agencies in the Union's institutional landscape, accompanied by common guidelines for the creation, structure and operation of those agencies, together with funding, budgetary, supervision and management issues. IV. COOPERATION AS REGARDS LEGISLATIVE PROCEDURES AND PLANNING (i) Commission Work Programme and the European Union's programming 33. The Commission shall initiate the Union’s annual and multi-annual programming, with a view to achieving inter-institutional agreements. 34. Every year the Commission shall present its Work Programme. 35. The two Institutions shall cooperate in accordance with the timetable set out in Annex 4. The Commission shall take into account the priorities expressed by Parliament. The Commission shall provide sufficient detail as to what is envisaged under each point in its Work Programme. 36. The Commission shall explain when it cannot deliver individual proposals in its Work Programme for the year in question or when it departs from it. The Vice-President of the Commission responsible for inter-institutional relations undertakes to report to the Conference of Committee Chairs regularly, outlining the political implementation of the Commission Work Programme for the year in question. (ii) Procedures for the adoption of acts 37. The Commission undertakes to carefully examine amendments to its legislative proposals adopted by Parliament, with a view to taking them into account in any amended proposal. When delivering its opinion on Parliament’s amendments under Article 294 TFEU, the Commission undertakes to take the utmost account of amendments adopted at second reading; should it decide, for important reasons and after consideration by the College, not to adopt or support such amendments, it shall explain its decision before Parliament, and in any event in its opinion on Parliament’s amendments by virtue of point (c) of Article 294(7) TFEU. 38. Parliament undertakes, when dealing with an initiative submitted by at least a quarter of Member States, in conformity with Article 76 TFEU, not to adopt any report in the relevant committee before receiving the Commission's opinion on the initiative. The Commission undertakes to issue its opinion on such an initiative no later than 10 weeks after it has been submitted. 39. The Commission shall provide a detailed explanation in due time before withdrawing any proposals on which Parliament has already expressed a position at first reading. The Commission shall proceed with a review of all pending proposals at the beginning of the new Commission's term