welcome step as it already commits airlines to first seek volunteers before enforced denied boarding takes place. However, this is only a voluntary agreement within certain sectors of the industry. Clear and uniform legislation provided for by the Regulation is therefore important in ensuring that air passengers are protected across the board. For its part, the Commission must accept the role of economic impact assessments. The airlines' own calculations assert that there is a 400% increase in the levels of compensation offered. This needs to be evaluated as well as the benefits for those offered redress, and the salutary effect of its availability. Airlines, too, have an economic benefit from steady increases in the number of satisfied and confident passengers. AMENDMENTS The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy calls on the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following amendments in its report: Text proposed by the Commission OJ C not yet published. Amendments by Parliament Amendment 1 Article 2 (h) (h) ‘final destination’ means the destination on the ticket presented at the check-in counter or, in the case of directly connecting flights, the destination of the last flight. (h) ‘final destination’ means the destination on the ticket presented at the check-in counter or, in the case of directly connecting flights, the destination of the last flight. Connecting flights which can be carried out without difficulties although a delay has been caused by denied boarding are not taken into account. Justification Reinsertion of a provision included in the existing Regulation and in the Commission's proposed revision in 1998. Amendment 2 Article 2 (h a) (new) (ha) 'Except for reasons beyond the responsibility of an air carrier or that of its subcontracting agent' means unusual and unforeseeable circumstances beyond the control of the air carrier, such as political instability, severe weather conditions, inadequate security and unexpected safety failures, where the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all due care had been exercised. Justification Derogations to the Regulation need to be clearly defined. Parallels here are drawn with the Directive on Package Travel, package holidays and package tours (90/314/EC) and the Commission's own wording in Paragraph 20 of this Regulation's explanatory memorandum. Amendment 3 Article 2 (h b) (new) (hb) 'Volunteer' means a person who has: - a valid ticket in paper or electronic format; - a confirmed