measures necessary to establish a register which shall be operational by 3 June 2002. Article 12 Direct access in electronic form or through a register 1. The institutions shall as far as possible make documents directly accessible to the public in electronic form or through a register in accordance with the rules of the institution concerned. 2. In particular, legislative documents, that is to say, documents drawn up or received in the course of procedures for the adoption of acts which are legally binding in or for the Member States, should, subject to Articles 4 and 9, be made directly accessible. 3. Where possible, other documents, notably documents relating to the development of policy or strategy, should be made directly accessible. 4. Where direct access is not given through the register, the register shall as far as possible indicate where the document is located. Article 13 Publication in the Official Journal 1. In addition to the acts referred to in Article 254(1) and (2) of the EC Treaty and the first paragraph of Article 163 of the Euratom Treaty, the following documents shall, subject to Articles 4 and 9 of this Regulation, be published in the Official Journal: (a) Commission proposals; (b) common positions adopted by the Council in accordance with the procedures referred to in Articles 251 and 252 of the EC Treaty and the reasons underlying those common positions, as well as the European Parliament's positions in these procedures; (c) framework decisions and decisions referred to in Article 34(2) of the EU Treaty; (d) conventions established by the Council in accordance with Article 34(2) of the EU Treaty; (e) conventions signed between Member States on the basis of Article 293 of the EC Treaty; (f) international agreements concluded by the Community or in accordance with Article 24 of the EU Treaty. 2. As far as possible, the following documents shall be published in the Official Journal: (a) initiatives presented to the Council by a Member State pursuant to Article 67(1) of the EC Treaty or pursuant to Article 34(2) of the EU Treaty; (b) common positions referred to in Article 34(2) of the EU Treaty; (c) directives other than those referred to in Article 254(1) and (2) of the EC Treaty, decisions other than those referred to in Article 254(1) of the EC Treaty, recommendations and opinions. 3. Each institution may in its rules of procedure establish which