proposal, the European Parliament and the Council shall, by 31 December 2012 , re-examine the collection rate and the deadlines referred to in paragraph 1 with a view inter alia to setting individual collection rates for one or more categories set out in Annex III, particularly for photovoltaic panels, temperature exchange equipment , lamps , including light bulbs, and small appliances, including small IT and telecommunications devices . _________ * OJ: Please insert the date - 3 years from the date of entry into force of this Directive. Justification Photovoltaic panels are a very specific kind of EEE. They are completely different from other large appliances and will require their own collection scheme for proper recycling. It is therefore appropriate to task the Commission to come up with specific collection target for PV panels, rather than keeping them within an overall collection target. (New amendment in light of the inclusion of PV panels in the scope by the Council.) Amendment 42 Council position Article 7 – paragraph 7 Council position Amendment 7. On the basis of a report of the Commission accompanied, if appropriate, by a legislative proposal, the European Parliament and the Council shall, by …*, re-examine the collection rate of 65 % and the related deadline referred to in paragraph 1 with a view inter alia to possibly setting individual collection rates for one or more categories set out in Annex III. deleted _______ * OJ: P lease insert the date - 7 years for the date of entry into force of this Directive. Justification A review of the collection rate and the deadlines, as well as of separate collection rates, is already provided for by Article 7(6). Amendment 43 Council position Article 8 – paragraph 3 Council position Amendment 3. Member States shall ensure that producers or third parties acting on their behalf set up systems to provide for the recovery of WEEE using , where relevant, best available techniques. The systems may be set up by producers individually or collectively. Member States shall ensure that any establishment or undertaking carrying out collection or treatment operations stores and treats WEEE in compliance with the technical requirements set out in Annex VIII. 3. Member States shall ensure that producers or third parties acting on their behalf set up systems to provide for the recovery of WEEE using best available techniques. The systems may be set up by producers