later than thirty minutes before the published departure time; or (a) have a confirmed reservation on a flight and present themselves for check-in either as stipulated and at the time indicated in advance by the air carrier, the tour operator or an authorised travel agent, or if no time is indicated, not later than sixty minutes before the published departure time; or Justification While it is valid for all passengers to be advised in good time of the time at which they should present themselves for check-in, there is no reason why this information should be given in writing. In addition, due to increased security measures now required post-September 11th, sixty minutes is more appropriate than thirty. Amendment 15 Article 3, paragraph 2 2. This Regulation does not apply to passengers travelling free of charge or at a reduced fare not available directly or indirectly to the public. However, passengers having tickets issued under a Frequent Flyer Programme or other commercial programme by an air carrier or tour operator are covered by this Regulation. 2. This Regulation does not apply to passengers travelling free of charge or at a reduced fare not available directly or indirectly to the public or to air passengers on package tours . However, passengers having tickets issued under a Frequent Flyer Programme or other commercial programme by an air carrier or tour operator are covered by this Regulation. Justification Package tourists are covered by Council Directive 90/314/EEC on package tourism, and this provides appropriate security for tourists. It is therefore not appropriate to include package tourists in this Regulation Amendment 16 Article 3, paragraph 3 3. This Regulation applies to any air carrier or tour operator with which a passenger referred to in paragraph 1 and in the second subparagraph of paragraph 2 has a contract. The tour operator, or in the case of code sharing, the marketing carrier shall make with the operating carrier any arrangements necessary to ensure the implementation of the provisions of this Regulation. 3. This Regulation applies to any air carrier or tour operator with which a passenger referred to in paragraph 1 and in the second subparagraph of paragraph 2 has a contract. The responsibilities and obligations set out in this Regulation also apply, however, to the operating air carrier, both in the case of code sharing and where it is logistically impossible for the tour operator to meet