WRITTEN QUESTION E-4443/07 by Jas Gawronski (PPE‑DE) to the Council (18 September 2007) Subject: Crisis in the milk and milk products sector The milk sector in Italy's Piedmont region is one of the most developed sectors of the agro-food industry and operates in a very harsh competitive environment. In economic terms, the value of Piedmont's milk production is roughly EUR 310 million, around 10 % of the total value of the region's primary production. There are now many disturbing signs of the difficulties currently being faced by businesses, which in many cases are at risk of finally dropping out of a market which is becoming increasingly globalised and competitive, thus aggravating the situation in a sector where, in the province of Cuneo alone, the number of dairy farms has halved since the introduction of the milk quota scheme. The quota system set up under the scheme should be progressively reviewed and fairly drastically revised, as it no longer meets the requirements of this rapidly evolving market. The common market system should be controlled by more responsive mechanisms which are geared to changes in the market and capable of meeting the system's specified objectives. It appears, from careful reading of the rules, that no explicit provision is made for the possibility of temporary transfers of individual reference quantities between EU Member States. It is not possible to provide for financial support for holdings on the one hand, while on the other hand failing to consider the problem of managing the milk quota system if that system generates more problems than benefits. In view of the foregoing, would the Council state whether it is aware of the serious situation in Italy, and in particular of the fact that a levy was imposed on 33 % of Italian producers, rising to the much higher figure of 54 % in Piedmont? Is the Council aware that the number of milk producers subject to the levy amounted to 5 858 of the 17 595 farms recording a surplus, and that 33 % of the farms whose production overran were required to pay the levy after the agricultural payments agency had completed its transactions, rising to over 50 % in the case of Piedmont? What measures does the Council intend to take to ensure that the existing Community Regulation 1788/2003 OJ L 270, 21.10.2003, P. 123. is a suitable means of attaining CAP objectives on the