Answer given by Mrs Wallström on behalf of the Commission (5 June 2003) Comprehensive crossborder and transnational cooperation on flood prevention and protection is already ongoing, both within river basins and at European level. The regions on the Dutch-German border mentioned by the Honourable Member, are a successful example of such cooperation across borders, planning and acting within the basins of Rhine and Maas. The International Rhine Protection Commission has, at a Ministerial Conference in Rotterdam in 1998, adopted the Rhine Flood Action Plan which is currently being implemented, and the recently signed new River Conventions for Maas and Schelde New International Conventions for the Protection of the Maas river and of the Schelde river, signed at Gent 3 December 2002; Maas: http://www.cipm-icbm.be/accord.asp; Schelde: http://www.icbs-cipe.com/NL/d_frameset.htm have flood prevention and protection as key parts. Further, crossborder cooperation is prevailing in the Elbe, Danube, Oder and Schelde river basins, with flood prevention being a statutory objective within these crossborder river conventions. Complementing this crossborder cooperation within river basins, the Commission, Member States and Candidate Countries have — beyond the formal scope of the Water Framework Directive Whilst the Water Framework Directive will contribute to mitigating the effects of floods and droughts (cf. Article 1(e)), it does not per se set operational targets for flood prevention and flood protection, not least with a view to the legal basis of article 175(1) Treaty; Directive 2000/60/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 23 October 2000 establishing a framework for Community action in the field of water policy, OJ L 327, 22.12.2000 . — commenced comprehensive cooperation on flood prediction, prevention and mitigation. Exchange of information, knowledge and experience will lead during 2003 to a joint document on best practices in flood prediction, prevention and mitigation. At the same time, the Commission is working on a horizontal initiative addressing environmental risks (forest fires, earthquakes, flood events, and technological risks), with a Commission Communication foreseen during the first half of 2003. Following discussion on this Communication and the collating of best practices, the Commission will consider need and scope of possible legislative frameworks. In parallel, the Commission's Joint Research Centre has developed a flood prediction and modelling instrument for the Oder river basin, this instruments is now to be applied to and made operational for the Elbe and Danube basins as well. Crossborder and transnational cooperation on flood prevention and protection is also encouraged and