in the energy infrastructure sector; 6. the Euratom Treaty and Euratom Supply Agency; nuclear safety, decommissioning and waste disposal in the nuclear sector; 7. the information society and information technology, including the establishment and development of trans-European networks in the telecommunication infrastructure sector. X. Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection Committee responsible for: 1. coordination at Union level of national legislation in the sphere of the internal market and for the customs union, in particular: (a) the free movement of goods including the harmonisation of technical standards, (b) the right of establishment, (c) the freedom to provide services except in the financial and postal sectors; 2. measures aiming at the identification and removal of potential obstacles to the functioning of the internal market; 3. the promotion and protection of the economic interests of consumers, except for public health and food safety issues, in the context of the establishment of the internal market. XI. Committee on Transport and Tourism Committee responsible for: 1. matters relating to the development of a common policy for rail, road, inland waterway, maritime and air transport, in particular: (a) common rules applicable to transport within the European Union, (b) the establishment and development of trans-European networks in the area of transport infrastructure, (c) the provision of transport services and relations in the field of transport with third countries, (d) transport safety, (e) relations with international transport bodies and organisations; 2. postal services; 3. tourism. XII. Committee on Regional Development Committee responsible for: regional and cohesion policy, in particular: (a) the European Regional Development Fund, the Cohesion Fund and the other instruments of the Union's regional policy, (b) assessing the impact of other Union policies on economic and social cohesion, (c) coordination of the Union's structural instruments, (d) outermost regions and islands as well as trans-frontier and interregional cooperation, (e) relations with the Committee of the Regions, interregional cooperation organisations and local and regional authorities. XIII. Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development Committee responsible for: 1. the operation and development of the common agricultural policy; 2. rural development, including the activities of the relevant financial instruments; 3. legislation on: (a) veterinary and plant-health matters, animal feedingstuffs provided such measures are not intended to protect against risks to human health, (b) animal husbandry and welfare; 4. the improvement of the quality of agricultural products; 5. supplies of agricultural raw materials; 6. the Community Plant Variety Office;