to the report of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs ( A6-0170/2006 ), A. whereas the economy of the EU is facing diverse challenges at a global and domestic level, such as intense competition, sluggish economic growth, population ageing and the growth of pension liability, B. whereas the goal of stable and secure financial markets must be equal to the effort to reduce obstacles to cross-border activities concerning financial activities, C. whereas strong, stable and efficient financial markets and institutions are crucial to meeting the financing needs of the EU's various economic actors and to boosting growth and employment, D. whereas a stable and competitive financial services sector enjoys consumer confidence if it is based on a high level of consumer protection, E. whereas consolidation creates a potential for economies of scale and scope, synergies, and cost efficiencies, and, if coupled with further market integration, can encourage growth and favour investment by fostering the liquidity and efficiency of markets, F. whereas the role of EU and national policy makers is to set up a regulatory and supervisory framework that stimulates growth; improves the competitiveness of the EU's economy; guarantees a level playing field; safeguards market efficiency, integrity, transparency and the stability of the financial system; and protects depositors, investors and insured persons, G. whereas consumer needs and diversity of choice between quality products should be the main aim of any policy in this sector, H. whereas adequate attention should be focused on the opinions and welfare of employees and customers, both of which are important stakeholders in financial institutions undergoing merger and acquisition (M&A) activity, I. whereas unjustifiable national practices and protectionist and discriminatory measures should be tackled because they fragment the market and deprive consumers of the benefits of consolidation, General perspectives 1. Considers that consolidation in financial markets is an important market trend, although not the only one, responding to growing competition at EU and global level; 2. Considers that consolidation in financial markets should not aim to reach a particular number of financial institutions and that it must be proportionate to competition in the financial markets; 3. Notes that M&A remains the most frequent growth strategy of financial institutions; notes also that, in a modern economy, the effects of consolidation can be achieved in many different ways, such as through commercial alliances between institutions, outsourcing or in-sourcing of back-office operations, back-office cooperation, and the creation of