Question for written answer E-006831/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Oriol Junqueras Vies (Verts/ALE) (13 July 2011) Subject: Infringement of the fundamental rights of the Roma-origin inhabitants of Penamoa (La Coruña) The Social Affairs, Health and Consumers Council of 19 May 2011 said that the European Union should be promoting integration and inclusion policies for the Roma people, mainstreamed in the various policies of the Member States. However, in many Member States, national, regional and local government frequently apply integration policies which start from a lack of close involvement with the Roma population, and likewise suffer from a lack of data, identification of the target group's needs and any effective diagnosis which would lead to real integration and social inclusion. The problems of social exclusion suffered by the Roma can be clearly seen in the case of the Penamoa settlement in the Galician city of La Coruña, a shanty town which is the product and result of a speculative development policy which began in the 1980s. The current situation, following the implementation of the 2008 Special Plan for Penamoa, affects 90 family units. It is a paradigmatic example of serious lack of planning, ad hoc improvisation and absence of political coordination. At present, many families are waiting for their shanties to be torn down, without having any real alternatives in terms of subsistence, housing and social protection, while suffering from serious health problems, and their situation is a full-blown social and humanitarian emergency, according to the Galician Arquitectos sen Fronteiras Association. La Coruña City Council’s social services have not looked for integrative solutions, have aroused alarm in local society and, above all, have exploited the grim situation of people surviving under tragic conditions for media purposes. Is the Commission aware of the situation in the Penamoa shanty town? Has La Coruña City Council asked for European funding for the purpose of integrating Penamoa’s population of Roma origin? Is the Commission going to encourage effective integration measures which will not fall into the same trap as those applied in Penamoa, including effective planning, environmental and social measures within the context of an inclusive European society, not an exclusive one?