or GC are to be applied. Samples of the pure surfactant of interest shall be provided by the manufacturer to the competent authorities of the Member States upon request. ANNEX III Ultimate biodegradability (mineralisation) test methods for surfactants in detergents A. The reference method for laboratory testing of surfactant ultimate biodegradability in this regulation is based on the en iso standard 14593: 1999 (CO 2 headspace test). Surfactants in detergents shall be considered as biodegradable if the level of biodegradability (mineralisation) measured according to one of the five following tests These five tests are identified as the most suitable for surfactants. is at least 60 % within twenty-eight days: 1. EN ISO Standard 14593: 1999. Water quality. – Evaluation of ultimate aerobic biodegradability of organic compounds in aqueous medium. – Method by analysis of inorganic carbon in sealed vessels (CO 2 headspace test). Pre-adaptation is not to be used. The ten days window principle is not applied. (Reference method). 2. Method of the Directive 67/548/EEC Annex V.C.4-C [Carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) Evolution Modified Sturm Test]: Pre-adaptation is not to be used. The ten days window principle is not applied. 3. Method of the Directive 67/548/EEC Annex V.C.4-E (Closed Bottle): Pre-adaptation is not to be used. The ten days window principle is not applied. 4. Method of the Directive 67/548/EEC Annex V.C.4-D (Manometric Respirometry): Pre-adaptation is not to be used. The ten days window principle is not applied. 5. Method of the Directive 67/548/EEC Annex V.C.4-F (Miti: Ministry of International Trade and Industry-Japan): Pre-adaptation is not to be used. The ten days window principle is not applied. B. Depending on the physical characteristics of the surfactant, one of the methods listed below might be used if appropriately justified The DOC methods could give results on the removal and not on the ultimate biodegradation. The Manometric Respirometry and the MITI would not be appropriate in some cases because the high initial test concentration could be inhibitory . . It should be noted that the pass criterion of at least 70% of these methods is to be considered as equivalent to the pass criterion of at least 60% referred to in methods listed in point A. The adequacy of the choice of the methods listed below shall be decided on a case by case confirmation, in accordance with Article 5 of this Regulation. 1. Method of the Directive 67/548/EEC Annex V.C.4-A (Dissolved