excluded, without prejudice to existing and future specific arrangements concerning the provision to Parliament of information concerning the exercise of the Commission's implementing powers The information to be provided to Parliament on the work of comitology committees and Parliament's prerogatives in the operation of comitology procedures are clearly defined in other instruments: (1) Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers (OJ L 184, 17.7.1999, p. 23); (2) the inter-institutional agreement of 3 June 2008 between Parliament and the Commission on comitology procedures; and (3) instruments necessary for the implementation of Article 291 TFEU. . 2. Information to be transmitted to Parliament The Commission commits to send Parliament the same documentation it sends to national authorities in relation to the above-mentioned meetings. The Commission will transmit those documents, including agendas, to a functional Parliament mailbox at the same time as they are sent to the national experts. 3. Invitation of Parliament's experts Upon being requested by Parliament, the Commission may decide to invite Parliament to send Parliament experts to attend Commission meetings with national experts as identified in point 1. Annex 2 : Forwarding of confidential information to Parliament 1. Scope 1.1. This Annex shall govern the forwarding to Parliament and the handling of confidential information, as defined in point 1.2, from the Commission in connection with the exercise of Parliament's prerogatives and competences. The two Institutions shall act in accordance with their mutual duties of sincere cooperation, in a spirit of complete mutual trust and in the strictest conformity with the relevant Treaty provisions. 1.2. 'Information' shall mean any written or oral information, whatever the medium and whoever the author may. 1.2.1. 'Confidential information' shall mean 'EU classified information' (EUCI) and non-classified 'other confidential information'. 1.2.2. 'EU classified information' (EUCI) shall mean any information and material, classified as 'TRÈS SECRET UE/EU TOP SECRET, 'SECRET UE', 'CONFIDENTIEL UE' or 'RESTREINT UE' or bearing equivalent national or international classification markings, an unauthorised disclosure of which could cause varying degrees of prejudice to Union interests, or to one or more Member States, whether such information originates within the Union or is received from Member States, third States or international organisations. (a) TRÈS SECRET UE/EU TOP SECRET: this classification shall be applied only to information and material the unauthorised disclosure of which could cause exceptionally grave prejudice to the essential interests of the Union