preparation and implementation of Union legislation, including soft law and delegated acts. If so requested by Parliament, the Commission may also invite Parliament's experts to attend those meetings. The relevant provisions are laid down in Annex 1. 16. Within three months after the adoption of a parliamentary resolution, the Commission shall provide information to Parliament in writing on action taken in response to specific requests addressed to it in Parliament’s resolutions, including in cases where it has not been able to follow Parliament's views. That period may be shortened where a request is urgent. It may be extended by one month where a request calls for more exhaustive work and this is duly substantiated. Parliament will make sure that this information is widely distributed within the institution. Parliament will endeavour to avoid asking oral or written questions concerning issues in respect of which the Commission has already informed Parliament of its position through a written follow-up communication. The Commission shall commit itself to report on the concrete follow-up of any request to submit a proposal pursuant to Article 225 TFEU (legislative initiative report) within three months following adoption of the corresponding resolution in plenary. The Commission shall come forward with a legislative proposal at the latest after one year or shall include the proposal in its next year's Work Programme. If the Commission does not submit a proposal, it shall give Parliament detailed explanations of the reasons. The Commission shall also commit itself to a close and early cooperation with Parliament on any legislative initiative requests emanating from citizens' initiatives. As regards the discharge procedure, the specific provisions laid down in point 31 shall apply. 17. Where initiatives, recommendations or requests for legislative acts are made pursuant to Article 289(4) TFEU, the Commission shall inform Parliament, if so requested, of its position on those proposals before the relevant parliamentary committee. 18. The two Institutions agree to cooperate in the area of relations with national Parliaments. Parliament and the Commission shall cooperate on the implementation of TFEU Protocol No 2 on the application of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality. Such cooperation shall include arrangements related to any necessary translation of reasoned opinions presented by national Parliaments. When the thresholds mentioned in Article 7 of TFEU Protocol No 2 are met, the Commission shall provide the translations of all the reasoned opinions presented by national Parliaments together with its position thereon.