developing countries where seed markets do not function well and/or where farmers are not well informed about the properties of the seeds they use. Assessing the environmental and socioeconomic impact of the use of biological containment technologies for Europe is a prominent part of ‘Transcontainer’. 2. Decision V/5, Section III that was adopted by the fifth Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity and reaffirmed by Decision VIII/23, applies to commercial use and field trials, neither of which will be carried out in the ‘Transcontainer’ project. Moreover, Decision VIII/23 also encourages parties to continue to undertake further research on the impact of GURTs and to disseminate the results of such studies. These are in fact the goals of the ‘Transcontainer’ project: to examine the environmental and socioeconomic impact of novel containment strategies, regardless of whether or not they are GURTs. All experiments in the ‘Transcontainer’ project will be carried out in laboratories and greenhouses and will be subject to the national regulations of the respective countries for use of genetically modified organisms (GMOs). BVL will not carry out any experiments using transgenic crops. Rather, BVL's task is to assess the theoretical environmental impact of the containment strategies developed in this project. 3. The focus of the Transcontainer project is on novel containment strategies, not on GURTS as such. This said, to the Commission's knowledge, the sixth framework programme (FP6) ‘Transcontainer’ project is the only one funded through FP money. The results of the project will be made public, in some cases after a short delay to allow preparation of publications for peer-reviewed scientific journals or for intellectual property protection. Dissemination of results through reports, publications, a project website (www.transcontainer.org) and stakeholder involvement through workshops are an important part of the project. 4. Firstly, it is important to note that there is no commonly agreed definition of ‘GURTs’ or ‘terminator technology’ at EU level, as these are commercial names. Secondly, any field test or experimental activity involving the deliberate release into the environment of any GMO in the EU is ‘decentralised’ and authorised at national level in accordance with the strict requirements, of Part B of Directive 2001/18/EC Directive 2001/18/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 12 March 2001 on the deliberate release into the environment of genetically modified organisms and repealing Council Directive 90/220/EEC, OJ L 106, 17.4.2001. , comprising inspection and control measures. In