they have duty free access to the EU under the Everything But Arms (EBA) scheme while negotiations for a final EPA continue. All imports from C么te d'Ivoire have entered the EU duty and quota free since the 1 st of January 2008 (other than transition periods until 2010 for rice and 2015 for sugar) representing a significant improvement over the previous "Cotonou" trade regime. In return, over the next 15 years, C么te d'Ivoire will liberalize 81% of imports from the EU (representing 89% of tariff lines) in areas such as industrial machines (pumps, generators, turbines, etc), certain vehicles (boats, aircrafts, cars), and certain chemicals. These are all inputs used by Ivorian which are not produced locally and will therefore reduce the costs of inputs for local businesses. C么te d'Ivoire excluded a number of agricultural goods and non-agricultural processed goods from liberalization, mainly to ensure the protection of certain sensitive agricultural markets and industries but also to maintain fiscal revenues. The products concerned are: chicken and other meats, tomatoes, onions, sugar, tobacco, beer, worn clothes, cement, malt, gasoline and cars. There is a detailed dispute settlement mechanism to support effective implementation of the agreement and new, improved, Rules of Origin will be annexed to the stepping-stone EPA as soon as they are agreed with the whole region in the full EPA negotiations. In the meantime C么te d'Ivoire will benefit from general EPA improved rules of origin (Council Regulation 1528/2007). Your Rapporteur likes to see that with regard to intellectual property that traditional knowledge will be covered as well to a certain degree within the framework of the final Agreement. Article 20 (food security) allows in cooperation with Article 25 (bilateral safeguard measures) and Article 12 (customs duties of products originating in Cote d'Ivoire) and Article 13 ( Customs duties on products originating in the EC) to take appropriate measures in case either the availability or access to foodstuff to ensure food security is not guaranteed. Your Reporter wishes to see further commitment undertaken in the final Agreement with regard to the protection of biodiversity and to the FLEGT mechanism. The Preamble of the stepping-stone Agreement reaffirms the main commitment from the Cotonou Agreement for human right, democratic principles, good governance and the rule of law; your Rapporteur wishes to see further clear commitment established in those areas in the final EPA. Various development cooperation provisions identify priority areas of development cooperation