shorter period is agreed between the carrier and the passenger ; or Justification The amendment restores the EP position at first reading. Amendment 34 Council position – amending act Article 17 - paragraph 1 Council position Amendment 1. Carriers and terminal managing bodies shall be liable where they have caused loss of or damage to wheelchairs , other mobility equipment or assistive devices, resulting from the provision of assistance . The loss or damage shall be compensated by the carrier or terminal managing body liable for that loss or damage. 1. Carriers and terminal managing bodies shall be liable where they have caused loss of or damage to wheelchairs , other mobility equipment or assistive devices. The loss or damage shall be compensated by the carrier or terminal managing body liable for that loss or damage. Justification Carriers and terminal managing bodies should always have to compensate the damage or loss of such equipment, in case they are responsible for it and not only if it is resulting from the provision of assistance. Therefore, this newly introduced restriction should be deleted. Amendment 35 Council position – amending act Article 18 - paragraph 1 Council position Amendment 1. Without prejudice to Article 2(4), Member States may exempt domestic regular services from the application of all or some of the provisions of this Chapter, provided that they ensure that the level of protection of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility under their national rules is at least the same as under this Regulation. d eleted Justification The provisions concerning rights of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility have already been limited by the Council when compared to those foreseen under the original Commission proposal and the EP position at first reading. It would therefore be unacceptable to provide in addition for the possibility to exempt domestic services from the application of those provisions. Amendment 36 Council position – amending act Article 18 - paragraph 2 Council position Amendment 2. Member States shall inform the Commission of exemptions granted pursuant to paragraph 1. The Commission shall take appropriate action if such an exemption is deemed not to be in accordance with the provisions of this Article. By …., the Commission shall submit to the European Parliament and the Council a report on exemptions granted pursuant to paragraph 1. d eleted Justification The provisions concerning rights of disabled persons and persons with