national governments should set national goals in this field in a transparent manner, and should introduce appropriate legislation and relevant measures to ensure the achievement of European standards and, in particular, to ensure that tools adopted at EU level, such as the above-mentioned recommendation on key competences for lifelong learning, the European Qualifications Framework and Europass Decision No 2241/2004/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2004 on a single Community framework for the transparency of qualifications and competences (Europass) (OJ L 390, 31.12.2004, p. 6). , are implemented; Pre-primary education 15. Stresses the need for increased resources for improving material and space conditions and for ongoing staff training to raise the quality of pre-primary education and provide increased resources for investment; universal access to high-quality pre-primary education is an effective way to open up access to lifelong learning for all children, but particularly children from deprived backgrounds and ethnic minorities; 16. Insists on the importance of children's developing basic skills, learning their mother tongue or the language of their country of residence, and acquiring reading and writing skills as early as possible; 17. Believes that the learning of a second language should begin at this early stage, but young children's contact with languages must be organised through play and without pressure; 18. Calls on all Member States to make pre-primary education compulsory; Primary and secondary education 19. Emphasises the need to pay special attention to individuals who might otherwise drop out of education at a later stage; believes that special programmes and measures should be adopted to reduce the drop-out rate and that, in cases where dropping out is inevitable and continues to occur, the individuals concerned should be supported and given opportunities to be reintegrated into society and offered appropriate forms of education; 20. Stresses that primary and secondary education should equip children for autonomous, creative and innovative thinking and make them into media-critical and self-reflecting citizens; 21. Underlines the importance of the school curricula of each Member State, which should contain courses aimed at fostering and developing creativity and the innovative spirit in children; 22. Considers that curricula, and their content, must be continually updated in order to remain relevant, enhancing the important role of entrepreneurial skills and volunteering in order to support personal development, and stresses that all Member States must attach greater importance to teacher training and provide more resources for