the Member States. Amendment 6 Proposal for a regulation Recital 34 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (34) The measures necessary for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission. All measures adopted by the Commission to implement this Regulation will comply with the proportionality principle. (34) The measures necessary for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission , as amended by Council Decision 2006/512/EC of 17 July 2006 . All measures adopted by the Commission to implement this Regulation will comply with the proportionality principle. Amendment 7 Proposal for a regulation Recital 39 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (39) In accordance with the principle of proportionality, it is necessary and appropriate for the achievement of the basic objective of ensuring the effective implementation of the Common Fisheries Policy to establish a comprehensive and uniform system of controls. This Regulation does not go beyond what is necessary in order to achieve the objectives pursued, in accordance with the third paragraph of Article 5 of the Treaty. (39) In accordance with the principle of proportionality, it is necessary and appropriate for the achievement of the basic objective of ensuring the effective implementation of the Common Fisheries Policy to establish a comprehensive and uniform system of controls, taking account of the fact that small-scale and artisanal fisheries clearly differ from industrial, subsist e nce and recreational fisheries and that a system of control regulations should reflect these differences in an appropriate manner. This Regulation does not go beyond what is necessary in order to achieve the objectives pursued, in accordance with the third paragraph of Article 5 of the Treaty. Amendment 8 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment This Regulation establishes a Community system for control, monitoring, surveillance, inspection, and enforcement (hereinafter to be referred to as "Community control system") of the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy. This Regulation establishes a Community system for control, with the aim of ensuring compliance with the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy. Justification The aim of this regulation is to control the application of the CFP, without prejudice