6 Maximum duration of the transitional periods For the implementation of the provisions of this Annex, the maximum duration of the transitional period is two years, from the first transmission deadline . ANNEX II MODULE FOR ENVIRONMENTALLY RELATED TAXES BY ECONOMIC ACTIVITY SECTION 1 Objectives Statistics on environmentally related taxes record and present data seen from the perspective of the entities paying the taxes in a way that is fully compatible with the data reported under ESA 95 . They record national economies' environmentally related tax revenues according to economic activity ▌. Economic activities comprise production and consumption . This Annex defines the data to be collected, compiled, transmitted and evaluated for environmentally related tax revenues by economic activity by the Member States. The environmentally related tax statistics can make use of the tax statistics and government finance statistics directly, but there are some advantages in using the tax data reported under ESA-95 if this is possible. The environmentally related tax statistics are based on the amounts evidenced by assessments and declarations or time-adjusted cash receipts, to ensure consistency with ESA-95 and improve international comparability. The ESA-95 also contains information about which industries and sectors are paying the taxes. Information on taxes reported under ESA-95 can be found in the institutional sector accounts and supply and use tables ▌. SECTION 2 Coverage Environmentally related taxes have the same system boundaries as ESA 95 and consist of compulsory, unrequited payments, in cash or in kind, which are levied by general government or by the institutions of the Union. Environmentally related taxes fall within the following ESA 95 categories: – taxes on production and imports (D.2), – current taxes on income, wealth, etc. (D.5), – capital taxes (D.91). SECTION 3 List of characteristics Member States shall produce statistics on environmentally related taxes according to the following characteristics: – energy taxes, – transport taxes, – pollution taxes, – resource taxes. All data shall be reported in million national currency. SECTION 4 First reference year, frequency and transmission deadlines 1. Statistics shall be compiled and transmitted on a yearly basis. 2. Statistics shall be transmitted within 21 months of the end of the reference year. 2a. In order to meet user needs for complete and timely datasets, the Commission (Eurostat) shall produce, as soon as sufficient country data becomes available, estimates for the EU-27 totals for the main aggregates of this module. The Commission