by the Commission Amendment 1. Transfer orders and netting shall be legally enforceable and , even in the event of insolvency proceedings against a participant or an interoperable system, shall be binding on third parties , provided that transfer orders were entered into a system before the moment of opening of such insolvency proceedings as defined in Article 6(1). 1. Transfer orders and netting shall be legally enforceable and binding on third parties even in the event of insolvency proceedings against a participant, provided that transfer orders were entered into a system before the moment of opening of such insolvency proceedings as defined in Article 6(1). This shall apply even in the event of insolvency proceedings against a participant (in the system concerned or in an interoperable system) or against a system operator of an interoperable system which is not a participant. Where , exceptionally, transfer orders are entered into a system after the moment of opening of insolvency proceedings and are carried out within the business day, as defined by the rules of the system, during which the opening of such proceedings occur, they shall be legally enforceable and binding on third parties only if , after the time of settlement, the system operator can prove that it was not aware, nor should have been aware, of the opening of such proceedings. Where transfer orders are entered into a system after the moment of opening of insolvency proceedings and are carried out within the business day, as defined by the rules of the system, they shall be legally enforceable and binding on third parties only if the system operator can prove that at the time such transfer orders become irrevocable, it was not aware, nor should have been aware, of the opening of such proceedings. Justification The amendment clarifies the wording and brings it line with the changes in definitions of Article 2, points (f), (g) and (n). Amendment 1 4 Proposal for a directive – amending act Article 1 – point 3 – subpoint b Directive 98/26/EC Article 3 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. In case of interoperable systems , each system determines its own rules on the moment of revocation in its system . One system’s rules on moment of revocation shall not be affected by any rules of the other systems with which it is interoperable. 4. In the case of