control over, or be involved in, any of the service providers in the port in question. Amendment 28 Article 8, paragraph 1 1. Where the number of providers of port services has been limited in application of Article 7, the competent authority shall take the necessary measures to ensure a transparent and objective selection procedure, through tendering, using proportionate, non-discriminatory and relevant criteria. 1. Where the number of providers of port services has been limited by the competent authority in application of Article 7, the latter shall take the necessary measures to ensure a transparent and objective selection procedure, through tendering or an equivalent procedure , using proportionate, non-discriminatory and relevant criteria. Amendment 29 Article 8, paragraph 3 3. The competent authority shall include in its publication: 3. The competent authority shall include in its publication: (a) authorisation and selection criteria that define the authority's minimum requirements; (a) authorisation and selection criteria and conditions that define the authority's minimum requirements including the applicable social legislation and any minimum public service criteria established in accordance with Article 6(2) ; (b) award criteria that define the grounds on which the authority will choose among offers meeting the selection criteria; and (b) award criteria that define the grounds on which the authority will choose among offers meeting the selection criteria; (c) conditions setting out the service requirements that the contract will cover and identifying any assets to be placed at the disposal of the successful tenderer together with the relevant terms and applicable rules . (c) conditions setting out the service requirements that the contract will cover and identifying any infrastructure and equipment to be placed at the disposal of the successful tenderer together with the relevant terms and applicable rules; (ca) penalties and the terms governing cancellation in the event of non-compliance; and (cb) the authorisation period . Amendment 30 Article 8, paragraph 6 6. Where the competent authority carrying out the selection procedure in relation to the port in question is the managing body of that port and where the managing body itself or a service provider over which it has direct or indirect control or is involved in, is, or wishes to become, a service provider in that port, Member States shall designate a different competent authority and entrust it with the selection procedure in question. This newly designated competent authority must be independent of the managing body of the