disabled passenger and any accompanying person or certified service dog , to a passenger whose mobility is otherwise reduced or to an unaccompanied child, as well as any other assistance reasonably required to meet the special needs of such passengers. Justification A number of disabled persons rely on a certified service dog to assist them in their journey. In cases of delay, particular assistance may need to be given to a disabled persons with a service dog, and this assistance must be recognised and made available . Amendment 19 Article 12 This Regulation shall apply without prejudice to a passenger's subsequent application to the courts having jurisdiction, with a view to further compensation. This Regulation shall apply without prejudice to a passenger's subsequent application to the courts having jurisdiction, with a view to further compensation. However, it shall not apply to the volunteers as defined in Article 2 (j) who have accepted compensation under the rules referred to in Article 5.1 and the provisions of Articles 7, 8 and 9 thereof. Justification The current 1991 Regulation on Denied boarding excludes volunteers from any subsequent recourse to the courts for further compensation. While a passenger denied boarding by an airline against his/her will, may want to take legal action, the same cannot apply to a passenger who steps down from a flight voluntarily and accepts a mutually agreed compensation. Therefore, it is proposed that the Article 9.2 provision of the regulation presently in force is included in the proposed regulation. Amendment 20 Article 14 (1) 1. The legal entity responsible for check-in of passengers shall ensure that a clearly legible notice containing the following text is displayed at the check-in area in a manner clearly visible to passenger: “If you are denied boarding or if your flight is cancelled or delayed for at least two hours, ask at the check-in counter or boarding gate for the text stating your rights, particularly with regard to compensation and assistance”. 1. The legal entity responsible for check-in of passengers shall ensure that a clearly legible notice containing the following text in English and the language(s) of that country is displayed at the check-in area, in letters at least 1cm high, in a manner clearly visible to passenger: “If you are denied boarding or if your flight is cancelled or delayed for at least two hours, ask at the check-in counter or boarding gate for