14. Approves, in this sense, the reform of the Community rules governing competition, and considers that the priority objectives of this reform should be to strengthen the culture of competition in the Member States and allow economic agents greater responsibility; 15. Regrets the fact that the Commission's policy on merger controls does not take sufficient account of the interests of business and industry in the EU; 16. Stresses the key role of SMEs in the economy of the Member States; welcomes, accordingly, the commitment made by the European Council to encouraging the business spirit in the Union, notably by cutting red tape on business, reducing the tax burden and improving the quality of administrative services; Public services 17. Considers, at the same time, that the development of the market economy on the above lines in the EU, while absolutely essential, must not undermine the role and operations of services of general interest in the Member States; 18. Stresses in this connection that public services are a vital part of the economic, legal and cultural heritage of certain Member States; 19. Considers, especially in the context of the investment levels required, that the Lisbon objectives for the transition to a knowledge-based economy cannot be attained by private operators alone, and that the decisive role in the process of powerful public authorities has to be recognised; 20. Stresses, therefore, the need to reconcile structural reforms and opening-up to competition with respect for the values and constitutional traditions of the Member States; 21. Points out that a liberalisation process which is not regulated by the competent national authorities and subject to control by the citizens of the Member States will automatically lead to new monopolies being created on the markets concerned; 22. Welcomes, in this connection, the initiative aimed at consolidating and clarifying, in a proposal for a framework directive, the principles governing services of general economic interest which underlie Article 16 of the Treaty, in a context of respect for the specific characteristics of the various sectors concerned and taking due account of Article 86 of the Treaty; 23. Welcomes the ECJ judgement of 22 November 2001, following which Member States will no longer be obliged to notify aids granted to businesses for public service tasks; Opening-up of the energy sector 24. Stresses that in the sectors where liberalisation is already under way the national authorities must ensure that universal public service