support and are dependent on the applicant. Other proposals for amendments relate to the introduction of a non-discrimination clause, guarantees with regard to legal process and provision for a system of penalties for infringing national implementing rules. Lastly, your rapporteur proposes certain technical amendments giving each article a heading with a view to making the text of the legislative proposal more easily accessible. 28 January 2003 OPINION OF THE COMMITTEE ON LEGAL AFFAIRS AND THE INTERNAL MARKET for the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs on the amended proposal for a Council directive on the right to family reunification (COM(2002) 225 – C5‑0220/2002 – 1999/0258(CNS)) Draftsman: Maria Berger PROCEDURE The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market appointed Maria Berger draftsman at its meeting of 20 June 2002. It considered the draft opinion at its meetings of 23 and 28 January 2003. At the latter meeting it adopted the following amendments unopposed by 27 votes, with 1 abstention. The following were present for the vote: Giuseppe Gargani, chairman; Willi Rothley, Ioannis Koukiadis, Bill Miller, vice-chairmen; Maria Berger, draftsman; Ward Beysen, Philip Charles Bradbourn (for Paolo Bartolozzi), Bert Doorn, Enrico Ferri (for Anne-Marie Schaffner), Janelly Fourtou, Marie-Françoise Garaud, Evelyne Gebhardt, Fiorella Ghilardotti, José María Gil-Robles Gil-Delgado, Malcolm Harbour, Heidi Anneli Hautala, Piia-Noora Kauppi (for Rainer Wieland), Kurt Lechner, Klaus-Heiner Lehne, Neil MacCormick, Toine Manders, Arlene McCarthy, Manuel Medina Ortega, Marcelino Oreja Arburúa (for The Lord Inglewood), Diemut R. Theato, Marianne L.P. Thyssen, Joachim Wuermeling and Stefano Zappalà. SHORT JUSTIFICATION The comments made by the Legal Affairs Committee in its opinion adopted in July 2000 also apply to this second initiative on harmonisation in the area of family reunification. One of the three amendments tabled on that occasion (relating to Article 7(1)(a)) was, we are pleased to note, accepted by the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs and adopted by Parliament in plenary, and has been incorporated into the Commission’s current proposal (COM(2002) 225). That is not the case with the other two amendments tabled (relating to the current Article 7(2) and Article 16(4)). They remain valid, however, as the legal ambiguity which was criticised on the previous occasion has not been addressed in the new proposal. Your draftsman therefore proposes that these amendments be retabled. AMENDMENTS The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market calls on the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms