for under Rule 134(2), and at any other sitting held for the purpose of electing the President and the Bureau, the outgoing President or, failing him or her, one of the outgoing Vice-Presidents in order of precedence or, in the absence of any of them, the Member having held office for the longest period shall take the chair until the President has been elected. 2. No business shall be transacted while a Member is provisionally in the chair by virtue of paragraph 1 unless it is concerned with the election of the President or the verification of credentials. The Member who is provisionally in the chair by virtue of paragraph 1 exercises the powers of the President referred to in the second subparagraph of Rule 3(2). Any other matter relating to the verification of credentials that is raised when he or she is in the chair is referred to the committee responsible for the verification of credentials. Rule 13 Nominations and general provisions 1. The President, Vice-Presidents and Quaestors shall be elected by secret ballot, in accordance with Rule 169. Nominations shall be with consent. They may only be made by a political group or by at least 40 Members. However, if the number of nominations does not exceed the number of seats to be filled, the candidates may be elected by acclamation. 2. In the election of the President, Vice-Presidents and Quaestors, account should be taken of the need to ensure an overall fair representation of Member States and political views. Rule 14 Election of President - opening address 1. The President shall be elected first. Nominations shall be handed before each ballot to the Member provisionally in the chair by virtue of Rule 12, who shall announce them to Parliament. If after three ballots no candidate has obtained an absolute majority of the votes cast, the fourth ballot shall be confined to the two Members who have obtained the highest number of votes in the third ballot. In the event of a tie the older candidate shall be declared elected. 2. As soon as the President has been elected, the Member who is provisionally in the chair by virtue of Rule 12 shall vacate the chair. Only the elected President may deliver an opening address. Rule 15 Election of Vice-Presidents 1. The Vice-Presidents shall then be elected on a single ballot paper. Those who on the first ballot,