publish for information, in the Official Journal of the European Communities and on the basis of information provided by Member States, a list of the ports referred to in this Article. The list shall first be published within three months following the entry into force of this Directive, and thereafter annually. 3. The Commission shall publish for information, in the Official Journal of the European Communities and on the basis of information provided by Member States, a list of the ports and port systems referred to in this Article. The list shall first be published within three months following the entry into force of this Directive, and thereafter annually. Amendment 17 Article 3, paragraph 2 2. Where one of the Directives referred to in paragraph 1 makes the tendering of a service contract mandatory, Articles 8 (1, 2, 3, 4 and 5) , 12 (1 and 2) , and 13 of this Directive shall not apply to the award of that contract. 2. Where one of the Directives referred to in paragraph 1 makes the tendering of a service contract mandatory, Articles 8 (1), (2), (3), (4) and (5) , 12 (1) and (2) , and 13 of this Directive shall not apply to the award of that contract. In any event, Member States may include their own specific rules in the specifications for the tendering of a service contract. Amendment 50 Article 4, point 2 2. "port system" means two or more ports grouped together to serve the same city or conurbation ; 2. "port system" means two or more ports located in the same geographical area and managed by a single entity or port authority ; Amendment 19 Article 4, point 4 (4) "port services" means the services of commercial value that are normally provided against payment in a port and which are listed in the Annex; (4) "port services" means the services that are normally provided against payment in a port and which are listed in the Annex; Amendment 20 Article 4, point 7 (7) "self-handling" means a situation in which a port user provides for itself one or more categories of port services and where normally no contract of any description with a third party is concluded for the provision of such services; (7) "self-handling" means a situation in which a port user using its own personnel and equipment provides for itself one or more categories