paragraph 3 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3a. Information on infringements committed and for which a conviction has been obtained by the fishing vessels and individuals in question will be available to the public via the public part of the website referred in Article 107 . Justification Many Member States restrict detail and information on the extent and name of IUU fisheries in their water. Directive 31995L0046 (Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, O.J. L 281, 23/11/1995, p. 31-50) states in its whereas 34 that Member States must also be authorized, when justified by grounds of important public interest, to derogate from the prohibition on processing sensitive categories of data where important reasons of public interest so justify in areas such as public health and social protection […]scientific research and government statistics. In the context of frightening depletion and management of fish stock, data on serious infringements in the fishery sector shall be available to the public, because they concern public resources and therefore defined as important reasons of public interest. Amendment 71 Proposal for a regulation Article 91 – paragraph 4 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 4. Officials of the Member State concerned shall be given the possibility to be present during the inspection and shall, at the request of the Commission officials, assist them to carry out their duties. 4. Officials of the Member State concerned shall always be present during the inspection and shall, at the request of the Commission officials, assist them to carry out their duties. Amendment 7 2 Proposal for a regulation Article 95 – paragraph 1 – point a Text proposed by the Commission Amendment α) the provisions of this Regulation have not been complied with as a result of an action or omission directly attributable to the Member State concerned, and that deleted Justification The suspension and cancellation of Community funding is a particularly harsh measure which will create multiple problems for the development and improvement of the fishing industry, with social, economic, environmental and structural implications. Implementation of such a measure should be considered only in circumstances which constitute a serious threat. Amendment 7 3 Proposal for a regulation Article 96 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the