Answer given by Mr Špidla on behalf of the Commission (14 February 2008) The Commission is committed to mobilising all available means to support the inclusion of Roma and has urged Member States to use the Structural Funds, and in particular the European Social Fund (ESF), to this end. As the Structural Funds are managed by Member States, it is not possible to give a comprehensive overview of individual projects. For example in Italy, the ESF is managed by 24 different authorities. In order to answer sub-questions (4) to (6), information would have to be collected from each of these authorities. In early 2006 the Commission produced an overview of funding for Roma projects during the period 2000‑05. A similar exercise is currently being carried out to update the figures for 2006 and 2007. In the period 2000‑05 a total amount of EUR 262.4 million was provided by the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund, the Community Initiative EQUAL, the Phare programme as well as several other programmes and initiatives (such as the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights (EIDHR), the Community Action Programme against discrimination, the Social Inclusion programme, Leonardo, Socrates, Youth, the socioeconomic research programme under the 5th and 6th Research Framework Programmes (two specific projects dealing with Roma were funded between 2000‑05 for an overall budget of EUR 1 300 000), funds from agricultural policy and the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia) for projects directly targeting Roma. In addition, the same funds, programmes and initiatives spent a total of EUR 728.9 million on projects targeted at socially disadvantaged groups, including Roma. The Commission estimates that, during the financial period 2000‑06, approximately EUR 275 million were allocated for projects directly targeting Roma and EUR 750 million for mainstreamed projects in favour of Roma inclusion. Italy participated in Roma projects funded from the Community initiative, EQUAL (EUR 1.2 million of directly targeted projects and EUR 3.1 million of mainstreamed funding). The Operational Programmes (OPs) are currently being drawn up by Member States in cooperation with the Commission for the new programming period 2007‑13. In Italy, 22 of the 24 ESF‑OPs have a general priority on social inclusion with a total budget of EUR 597.2 million. Although not directly targeting Roma, the projects to be financed under this priority will indirectly benefit Roma. Similarly, projects under other priorities of the OPs may also benefit Roma.