of the European Union, the Court of Auditors, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions; - the Commission in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Development Fund; - the bodies responsible for the budgetary management of legally independent entities which carry out Union tasks, insofar as their activities are subject to legal provisions requiring discharge by the European Parliament. Rule 78 Parliamentary control over implementation of the budget 1. Parliament shall monitor the implementation of the current year's budget. It shall entrust this task to the committees responsible for the budget and budgetary control and to the other committees concerned. 2. Each year it shall consider, before the first reading of the draft budget for the following financial year, the problems involved in the implementation of the current budget, where appropriate on the basis of a motion for a resolution tabled by its committee responsible. CHAPTER 8 INTERNAL BUDGETARY PROCEDURES Rule 79 Estimates of Parliament 1. The Bureau shall draw up the preliminary draft estimates on the basis of a report prepared by the Secretary-General. 2. The President shall forward the preliminary draft estimates to the committee responsible, which shall draw up the draft estimates and report to Parliament. 3. The President shall set a time limit for tabling amendments to the draft estimates. The committee responsible shall give its opinion on these amendments. 4. Parliament shall adopt the estimates. 5. The President shall forward the estimates to the Commission and the Council. 6. The foregoing provisions shall also apply to estimates for amending budgets. Rule 79a Procedure to be applied when drawing up Parliament's estimates 1. As regards Parliament's budget, the Bureau and the committee responsible for budgetary issues shall take decisions in successive stages on: (a) the establishment plan; (b) the preliminary draft and the draft estimates. 2. The decisions concerning the establishment plan will be taken in accordance with the following procedure: (a) the Bureau shall draw up the establishment plan for each financial year; (b) a conciliation procedure between the Bureau and the committee responsible for budgetary issues shall be opened in cases where the opinion of the latter diverges from the initial decisions taken by the Bureau; (c) at the end of the procedure, the Bureau shall take the final decision on the estimates for the establishment plan, in accordance with Rule 207(3), without prejudice to