Answer given by Ms Kuneva on behalf of the Commission (16 January 2008) Directive 1999/44/EC Directive 1999/44/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 25 May 1999 on certain aspects of the sale of consumer goods and associated guarantees, OJ L 171, 7.7.1999. on the sale of consumer goods and associated guarantees lays down minimum rules on the remedies available to consumers buying defective products. It provides that a professional seller is liable towards a consumer for non-conformity of the goods with the contract of sale. According to the directive this legal guarantee is two years long i.e. the seller is liable where the lack of conformity becomes apparent within two years from the delivery of the goods. On top of the statutory rights under the directive a producer (e.g. a manufacturer of electronic appliances) or distributor may grant additional rights to consumers on a voluntary basis (commercial guarantee). Businesses are free to decide the exact conditions of these additional rights, which form part of their commercial policy (including the geographical scope of the commercial guarantee). It is therefore possible that producers or distributors from different Member States apply different commercial policies vis-à-vis their clients. As a result, a seller in a Member State may refuse to honour a commercial guarantee issued in another Member States. The Honourable Member is right in asserting that the transposition of the directive in the Member States raises a number of problems (e.g. in relation to the period of the legal protection). In its communication of the implementation of the directive COM(2007)210 Final. , the Commission considered that many of these problems may be due to regulatory gaps in the directive, but others appear to be caused by the incorrect transpositions of the directive in certain Member States. In order to remedy this unsatisfactory situation, the Commission has contacted a number of Member States and has pointed out the transposition deficiencies. The Commission will closely monitor the situation in order to bring the national laws in line with the directive. Moreover, the Commission is reviewing the EU consumer protection legislation including Directive 1999/44/EC, in order to assess whether the legislation meets today's consumer protection and market integration objectives. The evidence gathered during the consultation process has shown that consumers are not confident enough to shop cross-border and that the cost of compliance with differing consumer protection regulations deters businesses from cross-border trade. In