view of their relevance in the diet of consumers or in trade. Products shall be grouped in such a way that MRLs may as far as possible be set for a group of similar or related products. 2. Annex I shall be first established within three months from the entry into force of this Regulation and shall be revised when appropriate, in particular, at the request of a Member State. Article 5 Establishment of a list of active substances for which no MRLs are required 1. Active substances of plant protection products evaluated under Directive 91/414/EEC for which no MRLs are required shall be defined in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 45(2) of this Regulation and listed in Annex IV hereto, taking into account the uses of those active substances and the matters referred to in Article 14 (2) (a) , (c) and (d) of this Regulation. 2. Annex IV shall be first established within 12 months from the entry into force of this Regulation. CHAPTER II PROCEDURE FOR APPLICATIONS FOR MRLS SECTION 1 Submission of Applications for MRLs Article 6 Applications 1. Where a Member State envisages granting an authorisation or a provisional authorisation for the use of a plant protection product in accordance with Directive 91/414/EEC, that Member State shall consider whether, as a result of such use, an existing MRL set out in Annex II or III to this Regulation needs to be modified, whether it is necessary to set a new MRL, or whether the active substance should be included in Annex IV. If necessary it shall require the party requesting the authorisation to submit an application in accordance with Article 7. 2. All parties demonstrating, through adequate evidence, a legitimate interest in health, including civil society organisations, as well as commercially interested parties such as manufacturers, growers , importers and producers of products covered by Annex I, may also submit an application to a Member State in accordance with Article 7. 3. Where a Member State considers that the setting, modification or deletion of an MRL is necessary, that Member State may also compile and evaluate an application for setting, modifying, or deleting the MRL in accordance with Article 7. 4. Applications for import tolerances shall be submitted to rapporteur Member States designated pursuant to Directive 91/414/EEC or, if no such rapporteur has been designated, , applications shall be made to Member