of the EU Treaty ( C5‑0689/2001 ), – having regard to Rule 67 of its Rules of Procedure, – having regard to the report of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs and the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market ( A5‑0189/2002 ), 1. Approves the Commission proposal as amended; 2. Calls on the Commission to alter its proposal accordingly, pursuant to Article 250(2) of the EC Treaty; 3. Calls on the Council to notify Parliament should it intend to depart from the text approved by Parliament; 4. Asks to be consulted again if the Council intends to amend the Commission proposal substantially; 5. Instructs its President to forward its position to the Council and Commission. Text proposed by the Commission Amendments by Parliament Amendment 1 Recital 6 (6) Racist or xenophobic motivation should be taken into account as an aggravating factor when imposing penalties for ordinary offences. This would constitute a direct response to perpetrators of such offences and have a deterrent effect; (6) Racist or xenophobic motivation may be taken into account as an aggravating factor when imposing penalties for ordinary offences. This would constitute a direct response to perpetrators of such offences and have a deterrent effect; Justification The recital is not in line with the provisions laid down in Article 8. Amendment 2 Recital 7 (7) An offence concerning racism and xenophobia committed in the exercise of a professional activity, should be considered as an aggravating circumstance since it entails an abuse and is particularly reprehensible; (7) An offence concerning racism and xenophobia committed by means of mass-communication or in the exercise of a professional activity, should be considered as an aggravating circumstance since it entails an abuse and is particularly reprehensible; Justification This is aimed at tackling the perpetration of racism and xenophobia to a large audience principally over the internet which is increasingly being used as a medium for dissemination of racist and xenophobic material to mass audiences. Therefore the number of people that can be affected by the perpetration of a racist and xenophobic offence must be considered when deciding on aggravating factors. Amendment 3 Recital 8 (8) It should be ensured that investigations and prosecutions of offences involving racism and xenophobia are not dependent on reports or accusation made by victims, who are often particularly vulnerable and reluctant to initiate legal proceedings; (8)