which may be attributed to the procurement, testing, preservation and transport of organs, as well as any serious adverse reaction observed during or after transplantation which may be connected to those activities. Justification The listing of procedures provided in Article 2(1) also includes "preservation" and it seems potentially beneficial to take issues relating to preservation into account as a cause for serious adverse events. Amendment 7 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 3 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3a. Member States shall ensure that systems and registers are in place which are easily accessible for the purposes of recording the wishes of future donors and that the competent authorities give priority to the wishes expressed by a donor over any possible contrary wishes of a spouse, first-degree relative or other person. Justification Member States should be urged to ensure that there are systems in place to communicate a wish to become a donor and that this expressed wish should be respected as a priority. Amendment 8 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 3 b (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3b. The Commission, in close cooperation with Member States, the European Parliament and relevant stakeholders, shall examine the possibility of developing a system whereby the expressed wishes of citizens consenting to the donation of organs after they are deceased are taken into account in as many Member States as possible. Justification As people live, travel and work in several countries of the European Union, they also die in other countries than the one of which they are citizens or residents. Amendment 9 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 3 c (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3c. Member States shall intensify their cooperation under the auspices of Interpol and Europol in order to address the problem of trafficking in organs more effectively. Amendment 10 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 3 d (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3d. Member States shall, in order to minimise the risk of organ trafficking in the European Union, reduce demand, promote organ donation more effectively, maintain strict legislation with regard to live unrelated donors, guarantee transparency of national registers and waiting lists, establish the legal responsibility of the medical profession for tracking irregularities, and share information. Amendment 11 Proposal for a directive Article 27 – paragraph 2 Text proposed