goods, services, activities, or circumstances of a competitor; d) for products with designation of origin, it relates in each case to products with the same designation; e) it does not take unfair advantage of the reputation of a trade mark, trade name or other distinguishing marks of a competitor or of the designation of origin of competing products; f) it does not present goods or services as imitations or replicas of goods or services bearing a protected trade mark or trade name. (5) Article 4(1) shall be replaced by the following: 1. Member States shall ensure that adequate and effective means exist to combat misleading advertising and for the compliance with the provisions on comparative advertising in the interest of traders and competitors. Such means shall include legal provisions under which persons or organisations regarded under national law as having a legitimate interest in combating misleading advertising or regulating comparative advertising may: a) take legal action against such advertising; or b) bring such advertising before an administrative authority competent either to decide on complaints or to initiate appropriate legal proceedings. It shall be for each Member State to decide which of these facilities shall be available and whether to enable the courts or administrative authorities to require prior recourse to other established means of dealing with complaints, including those referred to in Article 5. With due regard for national laws, these legal facilities may be directed separately or jointly against a number of traders from the same economic sector . (6) In Article 6(a) the words "furnish evidence as to the accuracy of factual claims" shall be replaced by the words "substantiate factual claims". (7) Article 7(1) shall be replaced by the following: 1. This Directive shall not preclude Member States from retaining or adopting provisions with a view to ensuring more extensive protection, with regard to misleading advertising, for traders and competitors Article 15 Amendment to Directive 97/7/EC [Distance Selling] Article 9 shall be replaced by the following: Article 9 Inertia selling Member States shall take the measures necessary to exempt the consumer from the provision of any consideration in cases of unsolicited supply, the absence of a response not constituting consent. Article 16 Amendment to Directive 98/27/EC [Injunctions] In the Annex to Directive 98/27/EC the text in point 1 shall be replaced by the following: 1. Directive 2004/.../EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of ……