be inserted: 'Article 14a Report The Commission shall present an annual report on the application and implementation of this Regulation to the European Parliament. The report shall include information about the activities of the Commission and the Injurious Pricing of Vessels Committee. No later than six months after presenting the report to the European Parliament, the Commission shall make the report public.‘ Amendment 63 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 6 – point -1 (new) Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 Recital 9 -1. Recital 9 is replaced by the following: 'Whereas the implementation of this Regulation requires uniform conditions for establishing criteria for the authorisation of persons to comply fully or partially, to the extent that non-compliance would seriously damage their interests or those of the Union, with any requirement or prohibition, including requests of foreign courts. Those measures should be adopted by the Commission in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 182/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 February 2011 laying down the rules and general principles concerning mechanisms for control by Member States of the Commission's exercise of implementing powers 1 ; _______________ 1 OJ L 55, 28.2.2011, p. 13.‘ Amendment 64 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 6 – point -1 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 Recital 9 a (new) -1a. The following Recital 9a is inserted: 'Whereas, in order to adopt the provisions necessary for the application of this Regulation, the power to adopt acts in accordance with Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union should be delegated to the Commission in respect of adding or deleting laws to or from the Annex to this Regulation. It is of particular importance that the Commission carries out appropriate consultations during its preparatory work, including at expert level. The Commission, when preparing and drawing up delegated acts, should ensure a simultaneous, timely and appropriate transmission of relevant documents to the European Parliament and to the Council.‘ Amendment 65 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Annex – section 6 – point 2 Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 Article 8 – paragraph 1 1. For the purposes of the implementation of Article 7(b) and (c), the Commission shall be assisted by the Committee on Extra-territorial Legislation. That Committee shall be a Committee within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No […./2011 ]. 1. For the