which we are commemorating three events which are very different in nature but which have a common thread - to be a day of reflection.Today is a fine opportunity for us to remind ourselves (and each other) of our duty to preserve a collective memory - and in doing so to involve in particular the younger generations, who have no experience of war.The streets of Europe are full of the names of eminent persons and significant events which help to preserve our collective memory: the Westerplatte in Gdansk/Danzig, Montgomery Square in Brussels, the Stalingrad metro station in Paris, the Dresden Boulevard which is just a stone's throw away from here, the military cemeteries of both sides ... All of these constitute the heritage of our shared memory. In our modern Europe the individual is no longer subordinate to the State, and law and order prevail. Our system - our genetic code - is based on the division of powers, on the sovereignty of the people and on human rights. We must all commit ourselves to the continuing struggle to uphold the values of peace, justice and tolerance - in the world as a whole and not just within Europe. Peace is no longer what the people of Europe are hoping for. We already have peace amongst ourselves and we all regard it as irreversible. What people are hoping for is a European Union which will bolster their prosperity and their security as they face up to the threats posed by a world which is no longer the one carved out at Yalta.Our obligation is to look to the future in order to make that future a reality." On behalf of the Council, Jean-Claude JUNCKER, in an impassioned speech, said that it was important to "speak the truth" and recognise that May 8 1945 was a day of Liberation. But he also said that both a "free Europe" and a "paralysed Europe" had emerged from the end of the Second World War, with the people of Central and Eastern Europe "subjugated" and the Baltic States "thrown from one disaster to another". Noting that Europe was itself a product of the war, he concluded, "let us be proud of this Europe that our fore-bearers have built for us". The President of the European Commission, José Manuel BARROSO, recognised that true freedom for millions of Europeans came from the fall of the Berlin