and logistic chains. In particular, they "supported the Commission's plan to launch a pilot project, in cooperation with Member State authorities and EMSA, to refine the 'Blue Belt' concept". Additional tasks for EMSA EMSA is generally recognised to be an effective, well-run organisation offering Member States significant savings by operating at a European level with the economies of scale this generates. Much of its work involves advice to Commission and/or Member States. There is scope to expand EMSA's activities, so that its existing experience and technical services can be applied to a wider range of policies. In particular, its traffic monitoring systems could contribute to the creation of a European maritime space without barriers which would allow goods and passengers to be transported by sea between Member States with no more formalities than if they went by road. This would avoid distorting competition in favour of the less environmentally-friendly mode. Similarly EMSA should advise the Commission on enhancing the mutual compatibility of SafeSeaNet and the River Information System so as to reduce administrative costs. While the Rapporteur is not proposing the creation of a European coastguard , the Commission's failure to undertake the study required by Directive (EC) 2005/35 is highly regrettable. The Commission should be reminded that it too is bound by European legislation. Clarifying that the existing stand-by oil response vessels can also be used in case of marine pollution caused by oil and gas platforms seems to offer an effective, cost-efficient option. EMSA already audits classification societies' compliance with EU requirements for shipping. Some of the societies also work with offshore oil & gas installations. EMSA's amended Regulation should therefore make best use of its expertise so it could assist the Commission and Member States in preventing pollution from offshore oil & gas installations and in developing requirements and guidance on the licensing of such exploration and production. The Regulation should also provide for an enhanced role for existing systems such as CleanSeaNet, extend EMSA's inspection functions and examine its potential to carry out an independent audit role with licensing. EMSA should also advise Commission and Member States on the training and certification of seafarers . Making maritime jobs more attractive to EU citizens is a long-standing shared objective. EMSA is already assisting the Commission with an impact study on the enforcement of the Maritime Labour Convention through EU legislation. It would also be qualified to assist