vote by roll call has been requested in accordance with Rule 167(1), the votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the sitting by political group in the alphabetical order of Members' names. 3. The vote by roll call shall be taken in accordance with Rule 167(2) if a majority of the Members present so request. The system indicated in paragraph 1 of this Rule may be used to determine whether a majority exists. Rule 169 Voting by secret ballot 1. In the case of appointments, voting shall be by secret ballot without prejudice to Rules 13(1), 186(1) and 191(2), second subparagraph. Only ballot papers bearing the names of Members who have been nominated shall be taken into account in calculating the number of votes cast. 2. Voting may also be by secret ballot if this is requested by at least one-fifth of the component Members of Parliament. Such requests must be made before voting begins. When a request for a secret ballot is submitted by at least one fifth of the component Members of Parliament before voting begins, Parliament must hold such a vote. 3. A request for a secret ballot shall take priority over a request for a vote by roll call. 4. Between two and eight Members chosen by lot shall count the votes cast in a secret ballot, unless an electronic vote is taken. In the case of votes under paragraph 1, candidates shall not act as tellers. The names of Members who have taken part in a secret ballot shall be recorded in the minutes of the sitting at which the ballot was held. Rule 170 Explanations of vote 1. Once the general debate has been concluded, any Member may give an oral explanation on the final vote for not longer than one minute or give a written explanation of no more than 200 words, which shall be included in the verbatim report of proceedings. Any political group may give an explanation of vote lasting not more than two minutes. No further requests to give explanations of vote shall be accepted once the first explanation of vote has begun. Explanations of vote are admissible on the final vote on any subject submitted to Parliament. For the purposes of this Rule the term "final vote" does not refer to the type of vote, but means the last vote on any item. 2. Explanations of vote shall