have specific responsibility for the issue under consideration in accordance with Rule 49 and Annex VII. 3. Where the report deals with, in particular, the application or interpretation of Union law or proposed changes to existing law, the committee responsible for the subject-matter shall be associated in accordance with Rule 49(1) and the first and second indents of Rule 50. The committee responsible shall accept without a vote suggestions for parts of the motion for a resolution received from the committee responsible for the subject-matter which deal with the application or interpretation of Union law or changes to existing law. If the committee responsible does not accept such suggestions, the associated committee may table them directly in plenary. 4. An electronic register shall be set up in which citizens may lend or withdraw support to the petitioner, appending their own electronic signature to petitions which have been declared admissible and entered in the register. 5. When investigating petitions, establishing facts or seeking solutions the committee may organise fact-finding visits to the Member State or region concerned by the petition. Reports on the visits shall be drafted by their participants. They shall be forwarded to the President after approval by the committee. 6. The committee may request assistance from the Commission particularly in the form of information on the application of, or compliance with, Union law and information or documents relevant to the petition. Representatives of the Commission shall be invited to attend meetings of the committee. 7. The committee may ask the President to forward its opinion or recommendation to the Commission, the Council or the Member State authority concerned for action or response. 8. The committee shall inform Parliament every six months of the outcome of its deliberations. The committee shall, in particular, inform Parliament of the measures taken by the Council or the Commission on petitions referred to them by Parliament. 9. The petitioner shall be informed of the decision taken by the committee and the reasons for that decision. When consideration of an admissible petition has been concluded, it shall be declared closed and the petitioner informed. Rule 203 Notice of petitions 1. Notice shall be given in Parliament of the petitions entered in the register referred to in Rule 201(6) and the main decisions on the procedure to be followed in relation to specific petitions. Such announcements shall be entered in the minutes of proceedings. 2.