Question for written answer E-004673/2011 to the Commission Rule 117 Antigoni Papadopoulou (S&D) (17 May 2011) Subject: Increasing funding for the Turkish Cypriot community Further to my previous question to the Commission (QE‑1590/2010) on the financial support instrument for the Turkish Cypriot community, I should like to return to this issue, following the recent Commission proposal to include in its draft EU budget for 2012 an additional allocation of EUR 25 million to finance the Turkish Cypriots. Of course, this aid will be additional to the assistance programme of EUR 264.5 million provided for in the 2006‑10 budgets and the assistance programme of EUR 28 million for 2011. The Enlargement Commissioner Mr Füle has justified this development on the grounds that this proposal seeks to encourage a successful conclusion of the talks and the reunification of the island. Given the above, will the Commission say: What more will the additional EUR 25 million achieve which the EUR 265 million already allocated to the Turkish Cypriot community has so far failed to achieve? What tangible evidence do the Commission and Enlargement Commissioner have that Ankara and the pseudo-state, have the political will to cooperate to solve the Cyprus problem and reunify Cyprus, since, unfortunately, their actions over time and continuing Turkish provocations seek only to achieve full Turkification of the occupied territories? Does the Commission not understand that Turkish side is becoming increasingly brazen in its impunity, since it is constantly receiving money without paying anything and is not being held to account for what occurs in the occupied territories? Mr Füle has declared that this action by the EU would be a strong signal that the EU wants to solve the Cyprus problem. Until when will the EU turn a blind eye, refusing to mistrust Turkish intentions? Is the Commission aware of Turkey's bragging about economic development in the occupied territories and the way the money is being spent there? Is it aware of Eroğlu's proposals about the property question? How does it judge them? Do these proposals promote reunification or rather division?