and more coherently integrated into both European and national economies in order to tailor better the educational process to the labour market; 32. Insists that mobility (not only geographical but also mobility between VET and higher education) of students and teachers be significantly enhanced; Higher education 33. Considers that university curricula should be modernised in order to meet current and future socio-economic needs; 34. Recommends that higher education institutions should, as a matter of priority, develop interdisciplinary programmes on the borders between sciences in order to train specialists capable of solving the most complex problems facing the world today; 35. Emphasises that students" and pupils" interest in content and study programmes dealing with technology, natural sciences and environmental protection should be increased; 36. Calls on Member States effectively to boost partnerships between universities and businesses and, in addition, between universities and the many other national, regional and local stakeholders; 37. Notes that cooperation between European higher education institutions must be significantly enhanced and that, furthermore, qualifications should be made as easily transferable as possible; 38. Points out that the work of teachers and lecturers in higher education needs to be continually updated as do the programmes used, their contents and work methods; 39. Suggests that the European Institute for Innovation and Technology be linked to the Bologna Process and taken into account within the framework of the reform of European higher education; 40. Strongly recommends that Member States improve students' and teachers' mobility, including mobility between countries, programmes and disciplines; stresses, in this context, the importance of implementing the above-mentioned European Quality Charter for Mobility in order to create a genuine European area for lifelong education and training and promote economic, social and regional cooperation; Lifelong learning 41. Considers that employers should be encouraged consistently to arrange education and training for their employees, as well as being provided with incentives to enable low-skilled workers to take part in lifelong learning programmes; 42. Notes that long-term unemployed people from a disadvantaged social background, people with special needs, young people who have been in re-education institutions and former prisoners should especially be taken into consideration; 43. Stresses that women in particular should be encouraged to take part in training and further training, and special programmes to promote lifelong learning for women must also be provided and promoted in this context; 44. Stresses that low-skilled and older workers ought to be particularly encouraged