their pensions are often smaller, which increases the risk of poverty for older women, as does the fact that they live longer (although the disparity between the sexes is declining). In some pay-as-you-go systems, caring periods are included in the contribution. However, this is not the case in supplementary pension schemes. The question to be resolved, therefore, is how solidarity should be financed. The rapporteur considers that financial independence should be the general principle in social security. Individual pension entitlements guarantee economic independence for women and men. One direction in which ways of increasing flexibility and eliminating differences between men and women could be sought is by assessing the adequacy of contributions to pension funds on the basis of the number of years for which contributions must be made in order to acquire the right to such a pension. VI. Information The transparency of pension systems and of the information about them given to citizens is vital to confidence. People must be made aware of the opportunities afforded by the various pillars of the pension system to secure an adequate pension. They must have access to the right information about the various risks. The crisis adds to the need for policy-makers to create stability by providing clear information about policy on pensions and about future pension income. Only then can members of the public make balanced decisions about their pension provision. In this context the rapporteur considers it vital to cultivate awareness among members of the public that they should start saving for their pensions as soon as possible (financial education). 26.1.2011 OPINION of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs for the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs on ‘Towards adequate, sustainable and safe European pension systems’ ( 2010/2239(INI) ) Rapporteur(*): George Sabin Cutaş (*) Associated committee – Rule 50 of the Rules of Procedure SUGGESTIONS The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs calls on the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: PENSION FRAMEWORK 1. Welcomes the publication of the Green Paper entitled ‘Towards adequate, sustainable and safe European pension systems’; recognises that a wide debate on the future of pension systems in Europe is of vital importance and should take into account the current economic and demographic situation, completion of the single market and reform of economic governance, as well as the recently