Answer given by Mr Špidla on behalf of the Commission (3 April 2006) On 9 November 2004, the Commission launched the first stage of consultation of the social partners at European level on work-related musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs). In accordance with Article 138(2) of the Treaty establishing the European Community, the social partners were consulted and asked to give their opinions on the possible direction of Community action in this field. Within the framework of this first stage consultation of the social partners, the organisations representing the agricultural social partners at European level (European Federation of Trade Unions in the Food Agriculture and Tourism Sectors (EFFAT)/Employer’s Group of the Committee of Agricultural Organisations in the EU (GEOPA-COPA)) announced, in a joint response, their intention to launch sectoral negotiations under Article 139 of the EC Treaty. The Commission welcomes the initiative of the agricultural social partners at sectoral level, which has led to the signature, on 21 November 2005, of a ‘European agreement on the reduction of workers' exposure to work-related musculoskeletal disorders in agriculture’. This agreement provides a framework of action combining different aspects of a sector based prevention policy on MSDs. According to the ‘Typology of the results of European social dialogue’ laid down in Annex 2 to the Commission communication ‘Partnership for change in an enlarged Europe — Enhancing the contribution of European social dialogue’ COM(2004)557 final. , this text falls within the category of ‘process-oriented texts’, i.e. texts ‘which essentially make recommendations, rather than being real agreements’. In these texts, the European social partners — having identified certain policy priorities — make recommendations to their national members for follow-up, while establishing mechanisms for regular evaluation of the progress made in achieving their objectives. Moreover, this text is an ‘autonomous’ agreement. This means that the Commission is not entrusted with the implementation of this text, neither is it bound by this agreement in the exercise of its right of initiative. The Commission considers that this agreement makes a relevant contribution to the issue of work-related MSDs and will take it into account in the context of the preparation of the second stage consultation, which is expected to be launched within the first half of 2006. The Commission will closely survey the implementation reports which are to be drawn up by the European Social Dialogue Committee for Agriculture within the next three years.