Conciliation Committee Where the Council informs Parliament that it is unable to approve all Parliament's amendments to the Council's position, the President shall, together with the Council, agree to a time and place for a first meeting of the Conciliation Committee. The six-week or, if extended, eight-week deadline provided for in Article 294(10) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union shall run from the day on which the Committee first meets. Rule 68 Delegation to the Conciliation Committee 1. Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee shall consist of a number of members equal to the number of members of the Council delegation. 2. The political composition of the delegation shall correspond to the composition of Parliament by political groups. The Conference of Presidents shall determine the exact number of Members from each political group. 3. The members of the delegation shall be appointed by the political groups for each conciliation case, preferably from among the members of the committees concerned, except for three members who shall be appointed as permanent members of successive delegations for a period of 12 months. The three permanent members shall be appointed by the political groups from among the Vice-Presidents and shall represent at least two different political groups. The chair and the rapporteur of the committee responsible in each case shall be members of the delegation. 4. The political groups represented on the delegation shall appoint substitutes. 5. Political groups and non-attached Members not represented on the delegation may each send one representative to any internal preparatory meeting of the delegation. 6. The delegation shall be led by the President or by one of the three permanent members. 7. The delegation shall decide by a majority of its members. Its deliberations shall not be public. The Conference of Presidents shall lay down further procedural guidelines for the work of the delegation to the Conciliation Committee. 8. The results of the conciliation shall be reported by the delegation to Parliament. Plenary stage Rule 69 Joint text 1. Where agreement on a joint text is reached within the Conciliation Committee, the matter shall be placed on the agenda of a sitting of Parliament to be held within six or, if extended, eight weeks of the date of approval of the joint text by the Conciliation Committee. 2. The Chair or another designated member of Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee shall make a