continued while making sure that the media are fully involved; 26. Expresses its disappointment over the continued delay in the adoption of the law on minorities; expresses disquiet that discriminatory measures are still contained in the electoral laws and repeated in the draft law on minorities; wishes to see the law on minorities approved as soon as possible, respecting the political criteria; 27. Reiterates that additional measures need to be taken to ensure the protection of the Hungarian minority in accordance with the principles of subsidiary and cultural autonomy; calls on the Romanian authorities to fully sustain higher education for the Hungarian minority by providing the financial means needed; 28. Calls on the Commission to continue to monitor the preparations for accession with rigour and objectivity and to help the Romanian authorities fulfil their commitments, while taking care to follow developments, not only in terms of commitments given but also in terms of their implementation at local level, in the areas where changes have been requested in its previous reports; 29. Repeats its demand to be regularly informed by the Commission of its monitoring work and to be fully involved in the final decision on any use of the safeguard clauses; 30. Approves the Commission's approach, whereby the decision on whether to postpone the date of accession will be taken on the basis of the results obtained by Romania by the spring of 2006; 31. Reaffirms its wish, supported by a strong political will, to see Romania join the Union on 1 January 2007, but points out that fulfilment of this aim depends first on the Romanian authorities" ability to fulfil the commitments made in the Accession Treaty, failing which the safeguard clauses will be activated; 32. Calls on the Romanian authorities to make good in a satisfactory manner the shortcomings identified, so as to enable Romania to accede in accordance with the intended timetable; 33. Calls on those Member States of the Union that have not yet done so to ratify as soon as possible the Treaty of Accession of Romania to the European Union; 34. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council, the Commission and the governments and parliaments of the Member States and of Romania.