Article 1 – point 7 Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 22 – paragraph 1 1. At regular intervals and at least every five years, the Administrative Board shall commission an independent external evaluation on the implementation of this Regulation. The Commission shall make available to the Agency any information the latter considers relevant to that evaluation. 1. At regular intervals and at least every five years, the Administrative Board shall commission an independent external evaluation on the implementation of this Regulation , assessing its relevance, effectiveness and cost-efficiency . The Commission shall make available to the Agency any information the latter considers relevant to that evaluation. Amendment 78 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 7a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 22 – paragraph 2 (7a) In Article 22, paragraph 2 is replaced by the following: '2. That evaluation shall assess the utility, relevance, achieved added value and effectiveness of the Agency and its working practices . The evaluation shall take into account the views of stakeholders, at both European and national level. It shall, in particular, address the possible need to modify or extend the Agency's tasks or to put an end to its activities in the event of its role having become superfluous.‘ Amendment 79 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 7 b (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 22 a (new) (7b) The following article shall be inserted: 'Article 22a Feasibility Study Within one year of the date of entry into force of this Regulation the Commission shall submit a feasibility study on a national coastguard coordination system, making clear the costs and the benefits, to the European Parliament and the Council. The report shall, if appropriate, be accompanied by a legislative proposal.‘ Amendment 80 Proposal for a regulation – amending act Article 1 – point 7 c (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 22 b (new) (7c) The following article shall be inserted:¨ 'Article 22b Progress Report Within [three] years of the date of entry into force of this Regulation the Commission shall submit a report to the European Parliament and the Council setting out how the Agency has undertaken the additional responsibilities assigned by this Regulation and the case for further extending its objectives or tasks. In particular, this report shall include: (a) an analysis of the gains in effectiveness that have been realised through