of the hearing, speakers discussed the impact of REACH on industry. SMEs were particularly worried, according to Bruno STEFAN (European Association of Chemical Distributors, Germany), who said they were the firms most affected by REACH, in two or even three guises as producers, importers and/or users of chemical products. Gyula KÖRTVÈLYESSY (Hungarian Chemical Association) said that the existence of 40 to 60 % of SMEs was in jeopardy. Robert STURDY (EPP-ED, UK) and Roger HELMER (EPP-ED, UK) referred to the possible threat of company relocations outside the EU, a problem also highlighted by Judith HACKITT (Director General, Business and Responsible Care, Chemical Industries Association, UK). She argued that REACH could have many benefits for the chemicals industry but she stressed the need to avoid adverse effects on competitiveness. Mr Körtvélyessy was concerned at the impact of REACH on research and development, saying that the money available for R&D depended directly on the profits of the chemicals industry, which he believed would decline. Urban WASS (AB Volvo, Sweden), speaking on behalf of users, and Mike BARRY (Marks and Spencer, UK), speaking for retailers, stressed the benefits of REACH. Its main advantage in their view was that better information would be available and this would meet the concerns of consumers, who were increasingly worried about chemicals in the products they bought. Their only reservation about the draft regulation related to Article 6, which states that producers and importers of products must register the substances they contain. They wanted this requirement to be limited to certain products only. Mr Sacconi said he too would like clarification of this point. One substance, one regulation Another issue was the proposal by the United Kingdom and Hungary to simplify REACH by using the OSOR system (one substance, one registration). This would allow companies to form a consortium to share the costs of registration. Reducing costs would be of particular benefit to SMEs. In addition, fewer tests would be needed on animals. This approach was welcomed by Commissioner Dimas and also received backing from Alexander GRAF LAMBSDORFF (ALDE, DE), Angelika NIEBLER (EPP-ED, DE), Mrs Hackitt et Mr Stefan. However, Marie-Noëlle LIENEMANN (PES, FR) feared this rule would pose a threat to research and would not boost innovation. Several MEPs, including Lena EK (ALDE, SE), who will draft the opinion of the EP's Industry Committee, Hiltrud BREYER (Greens/EFA, DE), Peter LIESE (EPP-ED, DE) and Kathy SINNOTT (IND/DEM, IE),