Agreement and for the drafting of a new constitution and preparations for free and fair elections by June 2004. Parliament is also concerned about the lingering problem of warlords operating in the country and believes that joint efforts by Afghan security forces and the international military forces should be increased in order not to tolerate the warlords’ activity. On the repatriation of Afghan refugees, the House wants the United Nations and the donor governments to find just and coherent criteria for repatriation schemes for the Afghan refugees who are facing uncertain fates and have to deal with different policies operated by hosting countries and humanitarian agencies. Finally, Parliament decided to send a delegation of Members of the European Parliament to Afghanistan next spring. Debate Mr Tasso YIANNITSIS , Greece's Deputy Foreign Minister, opening the debate on Afghanistan remarked that the international community can be "moderately satisfied" with progress made since the Bonn Agreement. M Yiannitsis was pleased with the establishment of institutions such as a central bank, and a committee on human rights. He also pointed out that Afghanistan had signed agreements with its neighbours which would assist in guaranteeing security in the region. However, the Minister remarked that President Hamid KARZAI's administration faced many challenges, firstly the relationship between central government and the regions of Afghanistan and secondly the representation of all religions in government. Afghanistan, he said, would have to work closely with the IMF, and the Minister outlined that funding was based on the full implementation of the Bonn Agreement. Funding would depend on how Afghanistan combats the drug trade, and he stated that the EU would continue to assist fully in this process. Minister Yiannitsis welcomed the work of the Turkish forces in guaranteeing security in Afghanistan, but warned that the next six months would be crucial given the growing tension between security forces and the people of Afghanistan in some regions outside Kabul. The Minister outlined that clear targets ought to be set with full elections to be held in 2004. He ended by paying tribute to the EU's special representative for Afghanistan and confirmed that the Greek Presidency would dedicate the necessary resources to the area. It was then the turn of Commissioner Chris PATTEN to outline the successes of the international community and indeed the European Union in bringing about change and improvements to the situation in Afghanistan last year. A new government