supported by them. They were also part of a process towards a better involvement of the Roma in the implementation of the EU funds operational programmes. These events brought together representatives from EU, national and local public authorities as well as from civil society, the media and academics, with the common aim to use EU funds in the most effective manner to improve the socioeconomic situation of the Roma. Over 500 participants attended the event in Bucharest on 12 and 13 October 2010. In the frame of this high-level meeting, Commissioner Andor, who attended the event, underlined the need for action in order to avoid the segregation of Roma people, highlighting the strong social dimension of the Europe 2020 Strategy and the need to mainstream Roma policies in other policies such as labour market, education, health, infrastructure development or regional policy. He pointed out that integrated approaches and the involvement of Roma communities as equal partners are essential. The Commission invited public authorities and Roma communities to engage in a dialogue to address problems in using EU funds. Finally, the Commission reaffirmed its commitment to combating fundamental rights violations highlighting that the inclusion of Roma requires changing attitudes of the majority society. 4. The Commission Communication of 7 April 2010 highlights a number of challenges ahead on which Member States as well as the Commission need to concentrate their efforts. These include: an improved cooperation among stakeholders; a translation of this commitment and cooperation into positive changes at the local level; more effective communication on the benefits of Roma inclusion; the promotion of the integrated use of EU Funds in order to tackle the multi-dimensional challenges of Roma exclusion; the development of explicit desegregation policies, notably in education and in housing and supported by the Structural Funds; achieving a special focus on the most disadvantaged micro-regions; and mainstreaming Roma inclusion issues into broad policy areas. 5. In 2001, the Romanian Government elaborated the strategy for improving the situation of Roma under a Phare project (updated in 2006) covering the period until 2010. This strategy covers the following priorities: — education: promote access from early ages until higher education level (participation in kindergarten, second chance programmes, employment of school mediators, special places for Roma at high school and university level) and quality of education (teacher trainings, employment of Roma teachers, development of multicultural school curriculum); — health: promote access to health