the different components of the previous scheme. Amendment 11 Article 1, paragraph 1 1. For eleven consecutive periods of twelve months commencing on 1 April 2004 (hereinafter referred to as "twelve month periods"), a levy is hereby introduced (hereinafter referred to as "the levy") on quantities of cow's milk and other milk products marketed during the twelve-month period concerned in excess of the quantities fixed in Annex I. 1. For ten consecutive periods of twelve months commencing on 1 April 2005 (hereinafter referred to as "twelve month periods"), a levy is hereby introduced (hereinafter referred to as "the levy") on quantities of cow's milk and other milk products marketed during the twelve-month period concerned in excess of the quantities fixed in Annex I. Amendment 12 Article 1, paragraph 2a (new) The increases in reference quantities provided for in Annex I as of the 2005/2006 marketing year will come into effect only if the situation of the milk and milk-products market is favourable and, in particular, if the level of public stocks of butter and skimmed-milk powder do not exceed a limit to be determined. The decision in this regard shall be taken at the latest two months before the beginning of each of the marketing years concerned in accordance with the procedure set out in Article 21(2) and on the basis of a Commission report analysing the state of the market and the prospects for the current year. Amendment 13 Article 5, paragraph 1a (new) 1a. As of the 2006/07 period, Member States shall assign the quantities set out in Annex I, where they reflect differences as against the 2005/06 quantities, only after authorisation from the Commission in accordance with the procedure set out in Article 21(2). Amendment 14 Article 6 The Member States shall adopt the necessary rules for allocating quantities from the national reserve provided for in Article 13 to active producers or producers wishing to commence production, on the basis of objective criteria to be notified to the European Commission. The Member States shall adopt the necessary rules for allocating quantities from the national reserve provided for in Article 13 to active producers and producers wishing to commence production, giving special attention to young farmers , on the basis of objective criteria to be notified to the Commission. Amendment 16 Article 15, paragraph 1, subparagraph 1 1. By the end of each twelve-month period, Member States shall