Answer given by Ms Vassiliou on behalf of the Commission (30 April 2008) The Commission is aware of the need for better application of the animal transport legislation in particular for horses, and is working intensively on the improvement of animal welfare during transport and dedicating considerable efforts to this issue. The Commission believes that Council Regulation (EC) No 1/2005 Council Regulation (EC) No 1/2005 of 22 December 2004 on the protection of animals during transport and related operations and amending Directives 64/432/EEC and 93/119/EC and Regulation (EC) No 1255/97, OJ L 3, 5.1.2005. provides for more prescriptive measures, and the Commission has consistently emphasised the necessity for more and stricter checks. It should be highlighted that Member States are primarily responsible for enforcing EU legislation. The Commission inspection service of the Directorate-General (DG) for Health and Consumer Protection (FVO — Food and Veterinary Office located in Grange, Ireland) regularly carries out missions of inspection within the Member States to verify whether the competent authorities have put in place the appropriate measures to apply EU legislation. The FVO reports are available on the following website: http://ec.europa.eu/food/fvo/ir_search_en.cfm. Furthermore, Regulation (EC) No 1/2005 on animal transport introduces stricter rules for journeys of more than eight hours. Efficient enforcement tools such as the use of navigation systems allow the detection of the time travelled and positioning of the vehicles and provide information, such as temperature readings from the compartments of animals. The Commission is presently working on developing specific standards on satellite navigation systems on board road vehicles that will improve controls during the whole journey. In December 2007, the draft Commission Regulation was presented to Member States in the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health. The Commission is currently undertaking the necessary preparatory work, notably an Impact Assessment, in order to examine the possibility of bringing forward by the end of this mandate a proposal to revise the Animal Transport Regulation on travelling times and space allowances which takes into account available scientific knowledge.