administrative decisions on matters concerning the internal organisation of Parliament, its Secretariat and its bodies. 3. The Bureau shall take financial, organisational and administrative decisions on matters concerning Members on a proposal of the Secretary-General or of a political group. 4. The Bureau shall take decisions on matters relating to the conduct of sittings. The term 'conduct of sittings' includes the matter of the conduct of Members within all of Parliament's premises. 5. The Bureau shall adopt the provisions referred to in Rule 33 concerning non-attached Members. 6. The Bureau shall decide the establishment plan of the Secretariat and lay down regulations concerning the administrative and financial situation of officials and other servants. 7. The Bureau shall draw up Parliament's preliminary draft budget estimates. 8. The Bureau shall adopt the guidelines for the Quaestors in accordance with Rule 26. 9. The Bureau shall be the authority responsible for authorising meetings of committees away from the usual places of work, hearings and study and fact-finding journeys by rapporteurs. Where such meetings are authorised, the language arrangements shall be determined on the basis of the official languages used and requested by the members and substitutes of the committee concerned. The same shall apply in the case of the delegations, except where the members and substitutes concerned agree otherwise. 10. The Bureau shall appoint the Secretary-General in accordance with Rule 207. 11. The Bureau shall lay down the implementing rules relating to Regulation (EC) No 2004/2003 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the regulations governing political parties at European level and the rules regarding their funding. In implementing that Regulation, it shall assume the tasks conferred upon it by these Rules of Procedure. 12. The Bureau shall lay down rules concerning the treatment of confidential information by Parliament and its bodies, office-holders and other Members, taking into account any interinstitutional agreement concluded on such matters. Those rules shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and annexed to these Rules of Procedure. 13. The President and/or the Bureau may entrust one or more members of the Bureau with general or specific tasks lying within the competence of the President and/or the Bureau. At the same time the ways and means of carrying them out shall be laid down. 14. The Bureau shall nominate two Vice-Presidents who shall be entrusted with the implementation of relations with national parliaments.