Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3c . Member States shall ensure that organs are allocated to recipients according to transparent, non-discriminatory and scientific criteria. Justification This rule regarding the allocation of organs is the direct result of the application of the principles of equality and of justice in healthcare resource allocation. Amendment 64 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 3 d (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3d . Member States shall ensure that organs are not removed from a deceased person unless that person has been certified dead in accordance with national law. Justification Demanding a death certificate regarding a deceased donor before allowing the organ removal is a requirement deriving from the principle of inviolability of human life and physical integrity as laid down in Article 16 of the Additional Protocol to the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine, on Transplantation of Organs and Tissues of Human Origin. Amendment 65 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 3 e (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3e. Member States shall intensify their cooperation within Interpol and Europol in order to address the problem of trafficking in organs more effectively. Amendment 66 Proposal for a directive Article 13 – paragraph 3 f (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3f. Member States shall, in order to minimise the risk of organ trafficking in the Union, reduce demand, promote organ donation more effectively, maintain strict legislation with regard to live unrelated donors, guarantee transparency of national registers and waiting lists, establish the legal responsibility of the medical professional for tracking irregularities, and share information. Amendment 67 Proposal for a directive Article 14 – paragraph 1 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment Procurement shall only be carried out only after compliance with all mandatory consent or authorisation requirements in force in the Member State concerned. Procurement shall only be carried out only after compliance with all mandatory consent requirements and all requirements relating to the absence of any objection to organ donation in force in the Member State concerned. Justification See the amendment to Article 4(2) concerning national quality programmes. Amendment 68 Proposal for a directive Article 14 – paragraph 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1a . In order to meet the quality and safety requirements laid down in this Directive, Member States shall endeavour to obtain all necessary information from living