The Week Ahead 4-10 July 2011 2011-07-01 - 09:23 Plenary Session – Strasbourg Future EU budget framework. MEPs debate with Commission President Barroso his proposals for the size and shape of the EU budget in 2014-2020 (Tuesday). Food labelling. Plans to ensure consumers get clearer information on food labels, and to streamline the rules the industry has to follow, are set to be voted into law after an agreement between MEPs and the Council (debate Tuesday, vote Wednesday). GMOs. Parliament will debate and vote on legislation enabling Member States to restrict or ban the cultivation of genetically modified crops on their territory (debate and vote Tuesday). Polish and Hungarian Council presidencies. Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk will debate with MEPs the priorities for his country’s presidency of the Council before joining EP President Jerzy Buzek and Mr Barroso for a press conference (Wednesday). Earlier, Hungarian PM Viktor Orbán will review the events during the outgoing Council presidency and will also hold a press conference with Mr Buzek (Tuesday). Cross-border traffic offences. MEPs vote on rules to ensure drivers who commit offences in an EU country other than their own do not avoid penalties (debate Tuesday, vote Wednesday). Schengen area. There will be a debate with the Commission on recent developments regarding the EU’s border-free travel area (debate Wednesday, vote Thursday). Derivatives and short selling. MEPs vote on legislation to regulate trade in derivatives and short selling in financial markets, as well as improving investor compensation schemes (debate Monday, vote Tuesday). EP electoral reform. Parliament will debate proposals for changes to European elections, including the idea of having 25 MEPs elected from an EU-wide list (debate and vote Thursday). Arab spring. Parliament will debate with Commission Vice-President/High Representative Catherine Ashton a range of issues concerning the Arab world and North Africa, including Syria and Yemen (debate Wednesday, vote on resolution Thursday). Jerzy Buzek visit Austria. The EP President will make an official visit to Austria after the session (Thursday-Friday). 2011-07-04 Plenary session Plenary agenda 17.00 - 24.00 - Resumption of session and order of business ***I Derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories - Debate on report by Werner LANGEN (EPP, DE) *** - Supplementary supervision of financial entities in a financial conglomerate - Debate on report by Theodor Dumitru STOLOJAN (EPP, RO) ***I - Short selling and certain aspects of credit default swaps - Debate on report by Pascal CANFIN (Greens/EFA,