Answer given by Ms Kuneva on behalf of the Commission (20 February 2009) The Commission is aware of problems with the abuse of trust and quality marks (and similar endorsements) by public bodies. Indeed to combat such abuses specific provisions prohibiting the misuse of such marks was introduced in the blacklist of outright prohibited practices in the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive (‘the directive’) Directive 2005/29/EC of the Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2005 concerning unfair business-to-consumer commercial practices in the internal market and amending Council Directive 84/450/EEC, Directives 97/7/EC and 2002/65 of the Parliament and of the Council and Regulation (EC) No 2006/2004 of the Parliament and of the Council (Unfair Commercial Practices Directive), OJ L 149, 11.6.2005. , which was adopted on 11 May 2005 and protects consumers against misleading advertising and other types of unfair practices. Specifically Article 2 of the blacklist prohibits ‘displaying a trust mark, quality mark or equivalent without having obtained the necessary authorisation.’ Further, the blacklist prohibits misleading uses of codes of conduct. The directive provides that the traders operate in accordance with professional diligence and do not provide consumers with false, untruthful or misleading information about the product or service (Article 6.). The directive also imposes a duty of transparency on traders in relation to the main characteristics of the product or service. Depending on the case such obligations may mean that a trader would need to explain to the consumer why it was awarded a seal of approval and what specific qualities does the award attest to. Furthermore, it should be noted that Article 12 allows the burden of proof in relation to factual claims relating to a commercial practice to be put on the trader in question; in such an event, a trader must be able to prove the factual basis to such claims to the satisfaction of the relevant national authority or court. The directive, however, does not regulate how seals of approval are awarded. In the particular case cited by the Honourable Member, it appears that the Italian Federation of Paediatricians (Federazione Italiana dei Medici Pediatri — FIMP) was fined for improper supervision of the award of their seal of approval by a body subcontracted to perform this task. In general, how such trust marks and seals of approval are awarded is a matter for national regulation. As such it is a matter for national authorities