name of the group and the names of its members and bureau members. 6. The statement shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union . Rule 31 Activities and legal situation of the political groups 1. The political groups shall carry out their duties as part of the activities of the Union, including the tasks allocated to them by these Rules of Procedure. The political groups shall be provided with a secretariat on the basis of the establishment plan of the Secretariat, with administrative facilities and with the appropriations entered for that purpose in Parliament's budget. 2. The Bureau shall lay down the rules relating to the provision, implementation and monitoring of those facilities and appropriations, as well as to the related delegations of budget implementation powers. 3. Those rules shall determine the administrative and financial consequences in the event of the dissolution of a political group. Rule 32 Intergroups 1. Individual Members may form Intergroups or other unofficial groupings of Members, to hold informal exchanges of views on specific issues across different political groups, drawing on members of different parliamentary committees, and to promote contact between Members and civil society. 2. Such groupings may not engage in any activities which might result in confusion with the official activities of Parliament or of its bodies. Provided that the conditions laid down in the rules governing their establishment adopted by the Bureau are met, political groups may facilitate their activities by providing them with logistical support. Such groupings shall declare any external support in accordance with Annex I. Rule 33 Non-attached Members 1. Members who do not belong to a political group shall be provided with a secretariat. The detailed arrangements shall be laid down by the Bureau on a proposal from the Secretary-General. 2. The Bureau shall determine the status and parliamentary rights of such Members. 3. The Bureau shall lay down the rules relating to the provision, implementation and auditing of appropriations entered in Parliament's budget to cover the secretarial expenses and administrative facilities of non-attached Members. Rule 34 Allocation of seats in the Chamber The Conference of Presidents shall decide how seats in the Chamber are to be allocated to the political groups, the non-attached Members and the institutions of the European Union. TITLE II LEGISLATIVE, BUDGETARY AND OTHER PROCEDURES CHAPTER 1 LEGISLATIVE PROCEDURES - GENERAL PROVISIONS Rule 35 The Commission Work Programme 1. Parliament