rising, with the textile industry predicting forty per cent bankruptcies, and a rate of inflation that looks set to double by the end of the year, H. whereas the Fiji Human Rights Commission estimates that thousands of people still remain displaced on Fiji's two main islands, with over 500 Indo-Fijians still in a refugee camp in Lautoka, 1. Strongly condemns the coup by George Speight and the dismantling of all democratic institutions, including the 1997 Constitution, the government and parliament in Fiji; 2. Welcomes the arrest of George Speight and sixteen aides, along with the decision by Fiji's Chief Magistrate Salesi Temo to keep those accused of treason in prison until the next court hearing on 15 September 2000; 3. Calls for those involved in the hostage-taking to be brought to justice swiftly in accordance with international standards and for Fiji's Chief Justice Sir Timoci Tuivaga to keep George Speight and other rebels in prison until the courts reach a final verdict; 4. Urges the interim civilian administration and Fiji's new Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase to work towards returning Fiji to full democracy and towards an end to the crisis which is crippling Fiji's economy; 5. Notes Fiji Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase's recently stated aim to return Fiji to constitutional parliamentary democracy, including the provision and protection of the fundamental rights and freedoms of all citizens and groups, and also the judicial equality of all citizens and their protection under the rule of law administered by an independent judiciary; 6. Requests that the European Union dispatches humanitarian aid to help the thousands of displaced Fijians and Indo-Fijians currently homeless; 7. Urges the French Presidency of the European Council to maintain its strong position of 25 July 2000 and to set a deadline for the restoration of political rights for all elements of Fijian society; 8. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council, the Commission, the governments and the parliaments of the Member States, applicant states and the ACP, and to the constitutional authority of Fiji.