Answer given by Mr Barrot on behalf of the Commission (20 January 2010) The Commission would like to assure the Honourable Member that the protection of children's rights and their interests is a priority for its work. The Commission is committed to protect children from any kind of discrimination and unequal treatment in accordance with the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and the United Nations (UN) Convention on the Rights of the Child. 1. The Honourable Member raises concerns about certain cases of alleged discrimination based on nationality inherent in practices employed by the Jugendamt officials as highlighted in the Libicki report. Matters related to the exercise of parental responsibility, also in cases having cross-border implications, fall under the responsibility of the Member States and outside the competence of the European Union. Concerning the concrete case mentioned by the Honourable Member, the Commission recalls that under the Treaty the Commission has no general powers to intervene in individual cases. It can do so only if an issue of European Union law is involved. For this reason it is not possible for the Commission to take any action in the case described by the Honourable Member and it is not for the Commission to comment on the procedure or the ruling of the German court in this case. 2. Aware of the difficulties which can exist in cross-border situations, and to facilitate the European citizens' life, the objective of the Commission in family law matters is to establish common rules within the European judicial area. Council Regulation (EC) No 2201/2003 Council Regulation (EC) No 2201/2003 of 27 November 2003 concerning jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in matrimonial matters and the matters of parental responsibility, repealing Regulation (EC) No 1347/2000, OJ L 338, 23.12.2003. lays down common rules concerning jurisdiction of the courts dealing with matrimonial matters and the matters of parental responsibility, and allowed the court orders intervened in family matters to be recognised and enforced in the other Member States. This regulation includes a special mechanism on access rights, by providing that a court order issued in a Member State is recognised automatically and is enforceable in the other Member States; so as to ensure that children can maintain their relationships with their two parents after the separation of the couple, in particular