SE) and 31 other MEPs. Mariam Lamizana - Minister for Social Action and National Solidarity of Burkina Faso and activist in the fight against genital mutilation of women. "Thanks to the considerable efforts and to a strong political will to ban the practice of female genital mutilation, Mrs Lamizana obtained very positive results, Burkina Faso being one of the few African countries where this has significantly decreased" say the MEPs supporting Ms Lamisana. Nomination by Francesco Speroni on behalf of Europe of Freedom and Democracy Group (ELD/EFD). Lyudmila Alexeyeva, Oleg Orlov and Sergei Kovalev on behalf of Memorial and all other human rights defenders in Russia - Organisation promoting fundamental rights in post-Soviet states. The nomination says "Memorial promotes the truth about the political repression of the Soviet Union and fights against current human rights abuses in post-Soviet states to ensure their democratic future". Nominated by Rebecca Harms and Daniel Cohn-Bendit on behalf of Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance. Memorial - Organisation promoting fundamental rights in post-Soviet states, whose first leader was Andrei Sakharov. The nomination argues that "Memorial should be rewarded for its continued essential work in EU neighbouring countries monitoring the situation in countries of actual or potential conflict and human rights abuse in Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia, Tajikistan, Moldova and Ukraine." Mr Saryusz-Wolski proposed that the nomination of Memorial be considered as a cross-party initiative. Nominated by Jacek Saryusz-Wolski (EPP, PL) and 59 others. Dr Denis Mukwege - This gynaecologist, the founder and head of Panzi Hospital in Bukavu (DR Congo), has dedicated his life to helping Congolese women and girls who are victims of gang rape and brutal sexual violence. "Dr Mukwege helped to bring global attention to what is described as an 'epidemic' of sexual violence in the eastern DRC, where combatants were using the systematic rape of women and girls as a means of terrorizing and displacing the civilian population." Nominated by Guy Verhofsdtadt on behalf of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Group (ALDE). Father Thaddeus Nguyen Van Ly - Roman Catholic priest and prominent Vietnamese dissident involved in pro-democracy movements, for which he was imprisoned for almost 15 years. The Sakharov Prize would not only honour his peaceful campaign but would also send a strong message to the Vietnamese authorities, say his supporters. Nominated by Michael Gahler (EPP, DE) and 44 other MEPs. Shadi Sadr on behalf of Neda and