SECTION 2 Coverage The distinction between stocks and flows is a fundamental principle of a material flow system. In general, a flow is a variable that measures a quantity per time period, whereas a stock is a variable that measures a quantity at a certain point in time. EW-MFA is a flow concept. It measures the flows of material inputs, outputs and stock changes within the economy in mass units per year. EW-MFA is coherent with the principles of the system of national accounts ▌, such as the residence principle. It accounts for material flows associated with the activities of all resident units of a national economy regardless of their geographic location. In EW-MFA, there are two types of material flows across system boundaries that are relevant: 1. Material flows between the national economy and its natural environment. This consists of the extraction of materials (i.e., raw, crude or virgin) from and the discharge of materials (often called residuals) to the natural environment. 2. Material flows between the national economy and the rest of the world economy. This encompasses imports and exports. All flows that cross these system boundaries are included in EW-MFA , as well as the additions to the man-made stocks. All other material flows within the economy are not represented in EW-MFA. This means that the national economy is treated in its entirety in EW-MFA and e.g. inter-industry deliveries of products are not described. Natural flows ▌within ▌the natural environment are likewise excluded. ▌ SECTION 3 List of characteristics Member States shall produce statistics on the characteristics listed in Section 5 for EW-MFA where applicable. 1. Domestic extraction (DE) covers the annual amount of solid, liquid and gaseous materials (excluding air and water) extracted from the natural environment to be used as inputs in the economy. 2. Physical imports and physical exports covers all imported or exported commodities in mass units. Traded commodities comprise goods at all stages of processing from raw products to finished goods. SECTION 4 First reference year, frequency and transmission deadlines 1. Statistics shall be compiled and transmitted on a yearly basis. 2. Statistics shall be transmitted within 24 months of the end of the reference year. 2a. In order to meet user needs for complete and timely datasets, the Commission (Eurostat) shall produce, as soon as sufficient country data becomes available, estimates for the EU-27 totals for the main aggregates of this