WRITTEN QUESTION E-5456/06 by Luciana Sbarbati (ALDE) to the Commission (12 December 2006) Subject: Traces of polonium on aircraft, public health and transport safety Anyone who has flown in recent weeks has witnessed the restrictions imposed by airlines on the transport of liquids on board aircraft. In the United Kingdom British Airways was obliged to ground three passenger aircraft (Boeing 767s) pending clearance, and traces of polonium 210 were found on two of them. It is a highly toxic radioactive substance that was unknown to most European Community citizens until the publication of the photographs of the former Russian agent Litvinenko, who died from the devastating and medically irreversible effects of the substance. The airline asked passengers who travelled on the flights involved (from London, Moscow, Barcelona, Düsseldorf, Athens, Larnaca, Stockholm, Vienna, Frankfurt, Istanbul and Madrid) between 25 October and 28 November to contact the National Health Service. About 33000 passengers are involved and they may have been at risk of radioactive contamination. It seems strange that airlines were not notified about a list of substances requiring particular attention and that must be identified, so that similar episodes do not occur again. 1. Can the Commission explain whether, despite the strict controls at Community airports, it is possible for this substance to be taken on board? 2. Does it not consider that the safety of Community flights must be ensured, not only by the ban on transporting domestic liquids (toothpaste, cosmetics, water, milk, etc.) but also by identifying much more harmful substances, as the British Airways case shows? 3. What measures will it introduce in response to the health alert in the United Kingdom and in order to ensure the safety of the Community citizens who fly every day for work or holidays, and who, if such great concern is justified, would pay an extremely high price for the vulnerability of the system of checks, which need to be thoroughly revised in order to be effective, not least with regard to terrorism?