one-stop shop which could offer citizens guidance when they look for solutions to alleged breaches of their rights. It does remain a very important objective to reach. The initiative of the European Commission to regroup the formal and informal mechanisms of complaint under the Your Rights page of the europa.eu website represents a significant step forward. Yet, clearer distinction should be made between the formal mechanisms (Complaints to EC, petitions to Parliament, complaints to the European Ombudsman) and the informal ones (Solvit, ECC-net, etc.). A more interactive website could be developed to allow citizens to get the information they need before making the decision to direct themselves to one institution or another, to use one mechanism or another. Relations with the European Commission The European Commission remains the natural partner of the Committee when dealing with petitions as Members continue to rely on the expertise of its services for investigating matters raised in petitions. As the working relationship between the two institutions has constantly improved, the Committee continue to push the Commission to improve its response-timings to the requests of investigations. One particular aspect still to be addressed by the two parties concerns the way in which the Commission informs the Committee about the progress of the infringement proceedings directly linked to petitions. While the Commission argues that its decisions on infringements are published monthly, one should note that they are published from the reasoned opinion stage onwards, except for the cases of failure to comply with Court judgments, when publication is authorized from the stage of the letter of formal notice, unless the Commission decides otherwise. Given the number of cases and the fact that the rhythm of the progression of a given file is difficult to predict and that no search tool which would allow finding a specific infringement is provided, monthly monitoring of this data base would mean an unnecessary waste of human and time resources. Therefore, additional steps should be taken so that the Commission automatically signals to the Committee every progress in the infringements relevant for petitions. Relations with the European Ombudsman - Hearings for the candidates to this position One of the main priorities of the Committee in 2009 was the organisation of the hearings for the candidates to the position of the European Ombudsman. Members, many new to the Committee and even to the Parliament, managed to successfully accomplish their responsibilities. It is