for sustainable surface transport are reduced by 40% to 32.7 € million, a very big decrease in resources for developing environmentally friendly and efficient transport modes and rebalancing between modes. This is difficult to accept at face value as the commitments implementation rate for the last full budget year, 2004, was 98%. The biggest single transport item is of course TEN-T., which accounts for 80% of transport specific budget lines expenditure. For 2006 the Commission proposes 692 € million in commitments and 670 € million in payments. This represents a very modest increase in commitments of 3% and no increase whatsoever in payments. In proposing the 2006 budget for TEN-T the Commission has sought to stay within the envelope established for the multi-annual programme. Your draftsman would point out that nevertheless there are good TEN-T projects which will not be supported to a degree to ensure they are undertaken in 2006 if funding is limited to the amounts proposed in the PDB and that there exists a margin of 166 € million under the relevant Heading 3. Moreover it seems incongruous that projects are held back in this way and that very much higher levels of funding are proposed for 2007 in the Commission's proposals for the 2007-2013 Financial Perspective. A modest increase over the amount in the PDB for 2006 would narrow the very wide gap in the amounts proposed for 2006 and 2007. Tourism in the Preliminary Draft Budget Once again a specific line for tourism appears in the Preliminary Draft Budget but with no appropriations on it. The Commission claims that it acts to develop European tourism but no resources are available specifically for this activity. Tourism is a major European industry with a deep impact on Europe's economy, quality of life and environment. It is also a competitive domain with Europe facing challenges from other destinations in Asia, and South and North America. In view in particular of the evidence presented during the Transport and Tourism's recent hearing on tourism and the report of our colleague Mr Quiero, your draftsman considers that the time has come to put appropriations on this line. Research on Transport Although not directly within the remit of the Transport and Tourism Committee your draftsman notes with concern the substantial reduction proposed in financial support for research on transport. The reduction is of the order of 7.5% Draftsman's proposals and amendments The