Answer given by Mr Kyprianou on behalf of the Commission (15 June 2006) The Commission recognises that gender equality in healthcare is an important issue and has taken a number of steps to improve women’s healthcare and integrate a gender equality focus in EU public health policies, including in the sexual and reproductive healthcare fields where women have specific and different needs from men. For example, the 2006 work plan for the public health programme includes projects on sexual and reproductive health to address risk-taking behaviour among young women and men, and to prevent sexually transmitted diseases including human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/acquired immunodeficiency (AIDS). The Commission has also undertaken work on cancer screening, including an update of the guidelines on breast cancer screening. The anti-tobacco campaign ‘HELP’, launched in 2005, is developing messages to specifically target young women. In addition, the Commission is sponsoring projects to reduce smoking during pregnancy under the public health programme. Gender Equality objectives in the field of healthcare have recently been set out in a Commission communication entitled ‘A roadmap for equality between women and men’ SEC(2006)275. . It emphasises that the gender dimension in health must be recognised, and states that medical research, and many safety and health standards, relate more to men and male-dominated work areas. It states further that social, health and care services should be modernised with a view to improving their accessibility, quality and responsiveness to the specific needs of women and men. In terms of further initiatives in the field of gender equality in health, the Commission plans to reinforce the importance of gender-related issues in the forthcoming Community health programme. There are major differences between men and women when it comes to determining differential risks, exposure and susceptibility to disease. Biological factors make women and men vulnerable to certain illnesses in differing degrees and severity and at different periods over their lifetime. In response, preventive measures and treatments also need to be differentiated. The current public health programme (2003‑08) proposes principles for developing better strategies to prevent and manage human disease and promote healthy living for all. Statistics and data available will also be analysed under the new public health programme by gender to establish comparable information across the EU. At the moment the Commission has included in the current public health programme a priority item in the 2006 work plan for the preparation of a report on