be laid down. Those procedures should be effective as well as transparent and fair, in order to offer appropriate legal certainty to those concerned. Justification Amendment 13 Recital 15 (15) In accordance with the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty, the objectives of the proposed action, namely the establishment of a right to family reunification for third-country nationals to be exercised in accordance with common rules, cannot be sufficiently achieved by the Member States and can therefore, by reason of the scale and impact of the action, be better achieved by the Community. This Directive confines itself to the minimum required to achieve those objectives and does not go beyond what is necessary for that purpose. (15) In accordance with the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty, the objectives of the proposed action, namely the establishment of a right to family reunification for third-country nationals to be exercised in accordance with common rules, cannot be sufficiently achieved by the Member States and can therefore, by reason of the scale and impact of the action, be better achieved by the Community. This Directive confines itself to establishing the minimum conditions for achieving those objectives and does not go beyond what is necessary for that purpose. Justification Linguistic clarity. Amendment 14 Article 1, title Article 1 Article 1 Purpose Justification This draft report suggests, in the form of amendments, a title for each of the articles contained in the legislative proposal. These titles will enable the content of each article to be readily grasped, making the text easier to read and more accessible. Amendment 15 Article 2, title Article 2 Article 2 Definitions Justification See justification for Amendment 14, applied to Article1. Amendment 16 Article 2, point (b) (b) "refugee" means any third-country national or stateless person enjoying refugee status within the meaning of the Convention on the Status of Refugees of 28 July 1951, as amended by the Protocol signed in New York on 31 January 1967; (b) "refugee" means any third-country national or stateless person enjoying refugee status by satisfying the criteria set out in Article 1A of the Geneva Convention on the Status of Refugees of 28 July 1951, as amended and supplemented by the Protocol signed in New York on 31 January 1967 , and the criteria established in Chapters II and