administrative and managerial skills, as well as professional competence and experience relevant for maritime safety, maritime security, prevention of pollution and response to marine pollution. The Heads of Department shall be appointed or dismissed by the Executive Director after having received a positive opinion of the Administrative Board. Amendment 74 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 6 a (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 18 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (6a) In Article 18, paragraph 3 is replaced by the following: 3. The Executive Director shall draw up a draft statement of estimates of the Agency's revenue and expenditure for the following year , on the basis of activity-based budgeting, and shall forward it to the Administrative Board, together with a draft establishment plan. Justification In line with the principles of Activity based management and Activity based budgeting (ABM-ABB), the Agency's budget should explicitly be based on the Agency's objectives and activities, making the link between the Agency's mission and objectives and its activities and resources. Amendment 75 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 6 b (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 18 – paragraphs 7 and 8 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment (6b) In Article 18, paragraphs 7 and 8 are replaced by the following: 7. The statement of estimates shall be forwarded by the Commission to the Parliament and the Council (hereinafter referred to as the budgetary authority) together with the [...] draft general budget of the European Union. 8. On the basis of the statement of estimates, the Commission shall enter in the [...] draft general budget of the European Union the estimates it deems necessary for the establishment plan and the amount of the subsidy to be charged to the general budget, which it shall place before the budgetary authority in accordance with Article 314 of the TFEU , together with a description of and justification for any difference between the Agency's statement of estimates and the subsidy to be charged to the general budget . Justification The first part of the amendment refers to the application of Lisbon Treaty nomenclature. The second aims at providing the budgetary authority with adequate information where the Agency's estimates have been modified by the Commission. Amendment 76 Proposal for a regulation Article 1 – point 6 c (new) Regulation (EC) No 1406/2002 Article 18 – paragraph 10 Text proposed by