of its priorities. Although Slovakia largely has all legislation in place to implement EU legislation from the date of accession, MEPs were concerned about the four problematic areas highlighted in the Commission monitoring report. They urged that the ongoing reform of public administration be completed as quickly as possible. MEPs called on the government to improve the living conditions of the Roma and to fight against their social exclusion. They also supported the recommendations by the Council of Europe concerning the sterilisation of women and welcomed the proposed changes to the legislation on sterilisation. Slovakia should have its Paying Agency for agricultural funds up and running at the time of accession, as Slovak farmers could otherwise be greatly harmed, the committee added. Lastly, MEPs reminded Slovakia of the conditions to be fulfilled if fiscal aid is to be granted to one particular steel company until 2009. Press enquiries: Marjory van den Broeke (Strasbourg) tel.(33-3) 881 72208 (Brussels) tel.(32-2) 28 44304 e-mail : foreign-press@europarl.eu.int Bulgaria: on track for accession Geoffrey VAN ORDEN (EPP-ED, Eastern) Report on Bulgaria’s progress towards accession ( COM(2003) 676 – C5-0533/2003 – 2003/2202(INI)) Doc.: A5-0105/2004 Procedure : Own-initiative Debate : 10.03.2004 Vote : 10.03.2004 Vote Bulgaria's EU membership negotiations are proceeding without any major problems and are well on schedule. This was the message sent by MEPs as they adopted a report by Geoffrey VAN ORDEN (EPP-ED, Eastern). Parliament believes the negotiations could be concluded early in 2004 and insisted that the date of Bulgaria's accession should not necessarily be linked to that of any other candidate country, i.e. Romania. MEPs welcomed in particular the constitutional reform as an important catalyst for substantial administrative and judicial reform. The adoption of anti-corruption legislation was seen as a positive step, although more systematic measures against fraud and bribery were deemed necessary, as was more progress in enforcing anti-corruption measures. Child protection and the integration of the Roma community MEPs also welcomed the improved legislation and concrete measures for the protection of children. Nevertheless, they pointed out that living conditions in children's homes need to be improved substantially and they voiced concern at the imminent closure of the State Agency for Child Protection. As many of the children in care are from the Roma community, it is clear that more action is required to overcome barriers between the Roma community and the wider society, MEPs said. Yet, they recognised that