and economic crisis has shown that no pension system is immune to such events but that large budget deficits, high unemployment and very limited scope for increasing the burden of taxation and other levies particularly hit pay-as-you-go systems. Young people are entering the labour market later because they are better educated. In addition, there is a tendency to retire before reaching the statutory retirement age. People always work for less time than is necessary in order to cover their pension entitlements. The adoption of more flexible and individual pension and work systems can make it possible to participate in the labour market for longer, but these systems are too rare at present. As a result of all this, it is even more difficult to achieve the conditions of the Stability and Growth Pact if savings have not been accumulated and the obligations towards pensioners which have been entered into are therefore fully included in calculations. The rapporteur regards the Commission’s Green Paper as positive, with the proviso that the responsibilities of Member States, the two sides of industry and Europe must each gain fresh impetus. We must therefore jointly, while recognising and preserving each party’s responsibility, build a system which is sustainable and secure and results in adequate pensions at Member State level. A modern system which recognises that – and helps to bring about a situation in which – freedom of movement in Europe is not confined to first-pillar provision but is based on the assumption that the new generation in particular needs mobility, but so does an effective and efficient labour market. This, in other words, is a system in which solutions will be provided not only for present needs but also for the future. I. Demographic change - The population will be strongly dominated by the 55+ age group. - Life expectancy will continue to rise: for men from 76 (2008) to 84 (2060), and for women from 82 (2008) to 89 (2060). - Fertility will remain low in the EU (1.6). - The ratio of the number of people aged over 65 to the working population will double from 25.4% (2008) to 53.5% (2060). - Between 2007 and 2020, the working population will increase by 3.7% due to the growing number of women on the labour market. After 2020 the working population will fall by 13.6%. - In 2008 there were 4 people in employment for