will define general, transparent and non-discriminatory policies on the security of electricity supply compatible with the requirements of a competitive single market for electricity. The Commission believes that, in order to support the necessary investment, Member States must adopt a stable regulatory framework. Particular priority should be given to interconnections between Member States so as to enable increased competition between existing businesses. MEPs believe the directive's primary objective should be safeguarding the security of the electricity supply so as to ensure the proper functioning of the EU's internal market for electricity. The House wants to limit the competences of the regulatory authority concerning the building of interconnections. According to the Parliament, transport network managers should regularly provide the regulatory authority with a document detailing their investment projects for the establishment of an adequate level of trans-border interconnection. The regulatory authority should be able to impose economic sanctions on the transport network managers, order them to complete the transport projects by a fixed date and launch tenders for the work to be executed by a contractor. The Commission proposal follows the power cuts in Italy in 2003. It underlines the fact that for an internal electricity market to function properly, major investments are needed in transport networks. These investments are also necessary for the network to be able to confront growing demand without businesses and citizens suffering frequent power cuts or general electricity breakdowns. Press enquiries: Constanze Beckerhoff (Strasbourg) tel.(33-3) 881 73780 (Brussels) tel.(32-2) 28 44302 Mobile: (32) 0498.983.550 e-mail : indu-press@europarl.eu.int Transport Maritime Transport Protocol with China Paolo COSTA (ALDE, IT) Report on the proposal for a Council decision on the conclusion of a Protocol amending the Agreement on Maritime Transport between the European Community and its Member States, of the one part, and the People’s Republic of China, of the other part, to take account of the accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia, and the Slovak Republic to the European Union ( COM(2004)0864 – C6 0180/2005 – 2004/0290(CNS)) Doc.: A6-0205/2005 Procedure : Consultation Debate : Vote : 05.07.2005 Parliament adopted the report by Paolo COSTA (ALDE, IT) on the Agreement on Maritime Transport between the European Community and its Member States and the People's Republic of China without