officer to the next was not seamless; calls on the Foundation, therefore, to take steps to ensure that such a situation does not recur in the future; 12. Acknowledges that 26 out of the 54 recommendations made by the Internal Audit Service (IAS) have been implemented since 2006; notes that, amongst the 28 which still need to be implemented, eight are considered to be 'very important'; in particular, urges the Foundation to put in place the remaining internal control standards (i.e. delegation for financial actors), to follow up the implementation of other internal control standards (i.e. effective coordination of the internal control system and compliance of procurement procedures with the Financial Regulation and its implementing rules), and to introduce an effective planning and monitoring system (e.g. by setting up a risk assessment system in respect of the Foundation’s activities, putting in place an activity-based methodology and monitoring IT tools); oo o 13. Refers for other observations accompanying its Decision on discharge, which are of a horizontal nature, to its resolution of xx April 2010 Texts adopted, P7_TA-PROV(2010)... on the performance, financial management and control of the agencies. 25.2.2010 OPINION of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs for the Committee on Budgetary Control on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions for the financial year 2008 ( C7-0182/2009 - 2009/2111(DEC) ) Rapporteur: Ingeborg Gräßle SUGGESTIONS The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs calls on the Committee on Budgetary Control, as the committee responsible, to incorporate the following suggestions in its motion for a resolution: 1. Draws attention to the Court of Auditors’ confirmation that the annual accounts for a budget of EUR 21 million fairly presents the Foundation’s actual financial position as of 31 December 2008 and that its operations and cash flows for that financial year are in accordance with the Foundation’s financial rules; notes the change of accounting officers and the problems found by the European Court of Auditors; 2. Expresses its satisfaction that the Court of Auditors has declared the annual accounts of the Foundation for the financial year 2008 to be legal and regular; 3. Calls upon the Foundation’s management to take steps, as part of its human resources management policy and in keeping with its obligations concerning implementation of the budget, to make better provision in advance for the departure of