is providing funding for the project and that it is also receiving assistance from the World Bank, J. whereas parliamentary elections in Chad are scheduled for Sunday, 17 March 2002, 1. Calls on the Government and political parties in Chad to work together to preserve calm and restrain from violence whilst allegations of vote-rigging and fraud are investigated by the constitutional authorities; 2. Condemns the harassment and arrest of opposition candidates and reaffirms its belief in peaceful means of coming to power through free and transparent elections; 3. Notes that the election of President Idriss Deby on 20 May 2001 was confirmed by the Chadian Constitutional Court on 13 June 2001; 4. Believes that an electoral process cannot be carried out with efficiency and transparency in a situation where most elementary rights of expression are continuously threatened; 5. Considers that respect for human rights and political pluralism are essential to allow the population to defend its legitimate interests, participate in decision-making and, in the final analysis, combat poverty; 6. Calls on the Chadian authorities to bring to justice the members of the forces of law and order accused of committing exactions during the presidential election campaign; 7. Calls on the Council and the United Nations to create sustainable development policies that strengthen and support economic, health and social developments in Chad to help alleviate poverty, promote stability, underpin the rule of law and ensure good governance; 8. Recalls that progress on the Chad oil pipeline requires a situation of stability and hence democracy and that revenue from the project should be fairly allocated among the people of Chad and not used for electoral purposes; 9. Calls on the Chadian Government, the World Bank and the European Investment Bank to investigate the alleged misappropriation of funds intended for the Chad-Cameroon pipeline; 10. Urges the European Union to send a team of monitors to the next elections in Chad, and to help fund programmes in order to prevent future technical and electoral irregularities; 11. Calls on the Commission to examine the possibility of using the consultation procedure under the terms of Article 96 of the Cotonou Convention; 12. Instructs its President to forward this resolution to the Council, the Commission, the governments and parliaments of the Member States, the ACP-EU Council of Ministers, the Chadian Government and the Secretary-General of the OAU.