within the territorial seas of the flag Member State and Justification The derogation should be limited to vessels that fish in the territorial sea and for not longer than 24 hours. Amendment 22 Proposal for a regulation Article 11 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. The Commission may require a Member State to use a Vessel Detection System for a given fishery and at a given time. 2. The Commission , after providing documentary justification by submitting evidence of failure to comply with control measures or scientific reports, may require a Member State to use a Vessel Detection System for a given fishery and at a given time. Justification Excessive degree of discretion for the Commission. Any unilateral decision by the Commission must be duly justified. Amendment 23 Proposal for a regulation Article 14 – paragraph 3 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 3. The permitted margin of tolerance in estimates recorded in the logbook of the quantities in kilograms of fish retained on board shall be 5 %. 3. The permitted margin of tolerance in estimates recorded in the logbook of the quantities in kilograms of fish retained on board shall be 10 %. Justification A 5% margin of tolerance is too little since, in declaring the catch, it is also necessary to take account of 2% live weight, leaving a de facto margin of only 3%. For example, for a catch of 40 kg, an excess of over 1.2 kg would draw a penalty. There is virtually unanimous opposition to the drastic cut in the margin of tolerance from 20% to 5%, both in the industry and in the majority of national administrations. Whilst 20% may be too high, it should be pointed out that a limit of 8% was set for species subject to a recovery plan. An across-the-board reduction to 5% for all species is excessive. Amendment 24 Proposal for a regulation Article 15 – paragraph 1 a (new) Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 1a. Financial assistance for the installation of electronic logbooks shall be eligible for funding under Article 8(a) of Regulation (ES) No 861/2006. Co-financing from the Community budget shall be at the rate of 80%. Amendment 25 Proposal for a regulation Article 15 – paragraph 2 Text proposed by the Commission Amendment 2. Paragraph 1 shall apply to Community fishing vessels exceeding 15 meters length and up to